I got on the Birth Control shot on a Friday and had sex on Wednesday if he ejaculated can I still get pregnant?!!!!!I'm 24. My cholesterol is 354 and am class 3 obesity and am now working with a dietician and my doctor. I also have osteoarthritis. What more can I do?!!!!!I missed my period for 4 months and now have very heavy bleeding, is that normal?!!!!!I am 17 years old, and I have had troubles keeping or even maintaining an erection before sex. I have tried multiple times and don't know what to do anymore. It's really imbarrassing but my girlfriend said I should go see a doctor about it. I only masterb!!!!!I have beeen experiencing some pregnancy symptoms lately and got negative pregnancy tests. Today I started bleeding. Is it my period?!!!!!I am a 50 year old male and my PCP just informed me that my latest MRI has picked up some brain changes which weren't there a year back and has referred me to a neuroradiologist. Am I dying?!!!!!Do we need some active measures for the stubbed finger? !!!!!I have TMJ and I take over the counter pain killer medications when the pain is severe but there hasn't been much relief lately. What else should I do for relief?!!!!!How do antipsychotics rewire they brain to ease the symptoms? Do they cause side effects such as muscle tenseness? !!!!!What medications are useful to help control high blood pressure?!!!!!Help please? I want to know what are side effects of of taking tesboosters at age 16?!!!!!Which scan is recommended to conclude about the cause if one has knee pain while walking and climbing the stairs?!!!!!My nipples are itching, could I be pregnant?!!!!!For a week had pain under left breast, worst when rolling to that side in bed or getting up from laying down. most of the time I cannot deep breath?!!!!!I am 12 weeks pregnant and went to a beach yesterday. I have read that fecal bacteria in the beaches can be harmful in pregnancy. Is it so?!!!!!Penis extender or jelqing? Which is better for enlargement?!!!!!I have been having growling stoamch and excessive flatulence, what it could be and what should I do? !!!!!I have white spot on my throat along with fever, cough, throat pain and have been diagnosed with strep throat and pharyngitis. I am on antibiotics and they are not helpful? Can you suggest some home remedies which may help. !!!!!How do I stop my cold sore from peeling?   When a cold sore peels is it supposed to bleed?!!!!!I have an iron deficiency and I'm not diagnosed but I pretty sure I'm anemic. I just want to know if spots of broken blood vessels could be a symptom?!!!!!I think I might have adrenal fatigue, what should I do because my doctor does not believe it is real?!!!!!What is the treatment for Color Blindness?!!!!!Could you write me a doctor's certificate so I can resit my music exam? Jammed my finger, blood blister formed and got so swollen that nail lifted off!!!!!What are the discadvantages of using a non re rebreather on a pt that is hyperventilating due to anxiety?!!!!!I had intercourse on the second day of my pregnancy and it as unprotected. After intercourse my bleeding stopped 3 days back. Is there any chance of pregnancy?!!!!!I injured my arm a week ago. Wound has already got a scab. How log shall I wait before going for swimming?!!!!!I am scheduled for hysterectomy next Sunday.  I am scared. What are the side effects? What are the chances of getting uterine perforation from the surgery?!!!!!Hello, I have had an ultra sound of the testicles and the inguinal area. No trace of hernia or adenopthy. The results came back completely normal. My doctor looked at it and felt it twice. He said it is definitely not a hernia and it is just slightly bigg!!!!!I have a brain cyst of 3cm size in my left frontal lobe. I am 5 weeks pregnant now and I have been experiencing headache for last 2 days. I was wondering if my brain cyst hurts during pregnancy. What are the chances?!!!!!Can a urine test show you have kidney stones?!!!!!My heart rate is normal during the day but gets faster when ever i sleep why?!!!!!How can you stop bloating during your period?!!!!!Can sleeping hard on the hands cause swelling and redness?!!!!!Can yoi get a blood blsiter from an eye infection? It started out as a red and pus filled swelling.!!!!!I noticed thinning of the eyebrows. What could it be from?!!!!!Would steam inhalation help with congestion, runny nose and sneezing?!!!!!Would having celiac's disease worsen the symptoms of PCOS?!!!!!I have a jammed joint in my foot, what should I do? !!!!!Is there any medical term or diagnosis for hypersensitivity to clothes?!!!!!What could be some treatment options for eczema on the face?!!!!!I noticed a dull pain in the left lower abdomen and has been recurrent, notice it often. It has been bearable but I'm concerned if I should see a doctor about it?!!!!!I have hypermobile joints and am experiencing right arm, elbow, shoulder and muscle pain. What can I do?!!!!!What are the causes of vaginal dryness?!!!!!Sudden chest pain shortness of breath, resting hr at 100 is this pulmonary embolism i'm a 30/m. I have a family history. If i go to ER will they run CT scan for this?!!!!!Why would a doctor prescribe a testosterone booster?!!!!!What is the cause and treatment of a headache?!!!!!Do bariatric surgeries like gastric sleeve or Roux-en-Y surgery actually work in the long term?!!!!!Can seroquel (quetiapine) cause gerd?!!!!!What would be more useful in diagnosing Chondromalacia, X-ray or MRI?!!!!!Are delayed period, light periods, abdominal pain, tiredness common side effects of birth control?!!!!!I missed my pills for 2 days in a row... Can I get pregnant because of this?!!!!!I am allergic to earrings and I applied a coat of clear nail polish on it as I read in an article that it avoids allergic reaction but it didn't help. I really like wearing earrings a lot. What should I do? Is there a solution?!!!!!I think I got upper abdominal muscle pull after working out. What are some stretches to prevent it from happening again?!!!!!I just healed up from tubal ligation, I am thinking of going for reversal. Is it possible? !!!!!I am worried about some serious infection. I noticed some clear, colorless, odorless vaginal discharge 2 days after sex with my partner a few weeks ago. Then a week later, I got my period. I have been with him only for the past 2 years. Do you think it could be a sign of some STD?!!!!!I am a virgin and never had an intercourse. Can I get STDS?!!!!!I was put on metoprolol for my hypertension but I lost my sex drive and experience difficulty with erection ever since. I have an appointment scheduled with my doctor tomorrow and I want a change of prescription. But I was wondering if my erection and sex drive becomes normal when I start taking a different beta blocker medication. Is it possible?!!!!!What's the best way to deal 3rd degree bed sore?!!!!!Can acupuncture therapy help treat eye complications from my diabetes?!!!!!I have some mild bleeding from the penis. Can this be a sign of a UTI?!!!!!My doctor may change my prescription (metoprolol)  as it is destroying my sex life. Can i "get it back" when i am prescribed a different beta blocker?!!!!!I recently twisted my ankle and the pain seems to be worsening. Could I have fractured my ankle?!!!!!I am having lot of healthy food but still my semen ejection volume is low, is there any medications to imprve it? !!!!!Why do I experience decreased libido only with a person whom I had intercourse before? !!!!!I am recovering from food poisoning and I do not have any symptoms per se. I am feeling like eating chocolate ice cream, just wanted to know how long after the symptoms of food poisining have subsided I need to wait before eating chocolate ice cream?!!!!!3wks postop GB removal.very nauseous, pain, and headache.getting an ultrasound tomorrow to check for fluids.could this be the cause?!!!!!Should I get my gall bladder removed when I have pain for 3 years and HIDA scan showed 23 percent gall bladder function with no stones?!!!!!Been having this tenderness and pain in my breast for almost weeks....Not pregnant too. What coukd it be?!!!!!Stubbed left pinkie toe a few hours ago. Quite painful. Now its swollen and there's a lump on the right side of the toe and it hurts. Fractured?!!!!!Can u do surgery13 weeks after initial injury to repair ulna&radius broken mid shaft showing poor bone healing&appears to be healing "bowed" (bad angle?!!!!!Is it too late to go in for a surgery to repair ulna and radius if the injury happened 13 weeks ago and the radius was broken in the middle of shaft and healing has not been going well?!!!!!I have diagnosed with fibromyalgia, PTSD, Bipolar disease and even anxiety. I feel worried by this. Can you help me?!!!!!May I know what is the difference between yeast infection and bacterial vaginosis. I have vaginal odor, itching, pain, redness, bumps and white vaginal discharge in excess..!!!!!Can pink eye be cured with g.E. Sulfameth/tmp ds can g. E. Sulfameth/ tmp ds cure pink eye?!!!!!Hello doctor I am taking cetrizine hydrchloride for my allergies. Can I take Benadryl along with it?!!!!!Can Penicillin 500 mg be taken an hour early?!!!!!What to do if I am worried about my 2 year old son having a holter monitor test. I don't know what to expect.?!!!!!How to test for anemia?!!!!!Why does my vagina burn so much when I have sex with my husband? It only burns when I'm laying on my back or doggie style.!!!!!Is orchitis related to symptoms like digestion and drooling?!!!!!Can you tell me what's the cause of the rash on my right leg and what would help get rid of it? Local doctors have not been able to help.!!!!!What all tests do you need if you suspect you have diabetes?!!!!!Is Clindamycin an effective way to manage Strep in a 7 y/o?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with clinical depression and notice that I have been having forgetfulness and trouble with memory. What can I do for it?!!!!!My husband voice is broken and he says he has severe sore throat. I felt a mass on the right side of his neck last night. We wonder if he has strep throat and if he needs an antibiotic course of medications. Should we consult his doctor?!!!!!How do we decide who takes mom?!!!!!How does gingivitis affect our health?!!!!!26 yo m with history of progressive venous insufficiency failed one year of conservative management. + family hx. Is delaying surgery a good idea?!!!!!What are some symptoms of bulged discs? Is lumbar region more prone for this condition?!!!!!Any recommendations for an ointment for hand foot and mouth rash on a 2 year old?  She's energetic but a little uncomfortable with rash on arms/bottom!!!!!Is it normal to have period bleeding for 7 days?!!!!!I have shortness of breath, dizziness, chest discomfort, tingling, numbness and palpitations when I get tensed. Is this a symptoms of anxiety? !!!!!What causes recurrent episodes of palpitations with no previous history of having heart conditions?!!!!!What can cause black spots on the legs?!!!!!May I ask why is the metanephrine fatctionated test done?!!!!!What is the mechanism of action of Tripsin+Chymotripsin combination in dental healing?!!!!!I have been experiencing dry mouth and diarrhea for the past 1 week. I have started taking Cyclizine about 10 days back. Could these symptoms be a side effect?!!!!!Any effective home treatment for allergies that I can do?!!!!!What are the complications of the Lasik procedure?!!!!!I have been dealing with an issues related to digestive system. I feel bloated and full after eating and get a discomfort mainly in upper abdomen, above the belly button and it gets better after releasing gas and the gas also stinks. !!!!!What is the cost of subchondroplasty procedure?!!!!!I had morning sickness 2 weeks back which subsided and got three positive first response pregnancy tests. Can I tust these test results?!!!!!I noticed severe pain, like a cramp in one leg. What can I do for it next time?!!!!!My doctor diagnosed me with endomteriosis, what does endocervical component means? !!!!!These are my symptoms for the last more than a week....productive cough, runny nose, no fever. OTC cold medications have not helped. I am also on antibiotics (bactrim) for UTI. I think it is not a common cold. !!!!!I have a hard small lump, under my skin anterior to my tragus, also have had extremely bad headaches-so bad they wake me in the middle of the night. ?!!!!!I have hypothyroidism. Recently my extremities are constantly cold and my limbs fall asleep easily. Could this be another autoimmune disorder?!!!!!How can I get rid of a runny nose, itchy eyes, nasal congestion and frequent sneezing?!!!!!Is sex good for a relationship?!!!!!How can I handle friends that call me a 'junkie' for all my medications for my disability?!!!!!My baby's toe has turned red and swollen and is giving burning sensation. Please help.!!!!!I have pain on the left side of my neck when swallowing. Been going on for 3 days.!!!!!Sure I am not pregnant right? . If I have polycystic ovary periods can get ireegular right?!!!!!Do abdominal workouts strain the lower back?!!!!!I am an adult male and my vision at night is worse compared to the day time even when I am wearing my spectacles. What does this mean? !!!!!What to do if I have some symptoms thought that i don't know if they could be PMS or pregnancy ?!!!!!I have some early morning stiffness when I get up, why would that be happening?!!!!!I got superficial burns on wrist and knucles from touching a hot pan. I have no blisters. Do you think applying polysporin (bacitracin and polymyxin) is considered over dosage?!!!!!What are the contra-indications of lasik?!!!!!How long would you need to take off if you have a mental breakdown due to work?!!!!!What ways/exercises are most effective for getting rid of thigh fat?!!!!!How does Depo-Provera protect against pregnancy?!!!!!What are some preventive measures against catching flu from a visitor who never covers his mouth while coughing. Does hand gel has a role?!!!!!How do you safely remove a swimmer out of water who has a head injury?!!!!!Do women get cramps before starting and finishing with the period?!!!!!Can you help me get medical card? !!!!!I started using a new foundation after which I noticed eczema on the face. I have no similar lesions elsewhere. Can the foundation trigger some kind of negative reaction on my face?!!!!!What could increased levels of oestrogen do to me?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with herpes recently and I read that it is not curable. But I want to know if there is a possibility that there will some cure for it any time soon and if some reasearch is alaredy going on to find a cure for herpes?!!!!!Is it possible to delevop cancer in between the ribs?!!!!!I was told I have gastritis and I started using olive oil in my diet. But I don't like the taste at all. Is there any other type of oil, that I can use apart from olive oil for my gastritis? !!!!!What can I do about low back pain and stiffness during and after bending over?!!!!!Anyone have any dietary suggestions for a 10 year old with gastritis?!!!!!Posterior vitreous detachments eye-p.v.d., what is this?!!!!!I am intersted in yoga but not aware which one should I do for relxation. Could you help me? !!!!!Does chronic laxative use lead to bacteria imbalance in the gut??!!!!!I had unprotected intercourse on all the days of ovulation and what are my chances of getting pregnant? !!!!!My aunt is scheduled for an open heart surgery for insertion of a pacemaker. Can you provide a little information on what exactly the procedure of this surgery would be? !!!!!Why am I having severe pain in the legs at night?!!!!!Hello doctor I have upper back pain after an Injury and x-ray and CT taken and all is normal. Doctor said it is a sprain. It has been 3 weeks and I find no improvement. Does that make sense?!!!!!How does a foam roller work? Is it to relax the muscles or does it help tone them?!!!!!Are all dermoid cysts cancerous?!!!!!2yr old dry skin above lip and top lip irritated and or dry. Regular cetaphyl atopic stings. Is it ok to put vaseline?  it's red, irritated. Other?!!!!!My 85 year old father has severe lower back ache. He underwent multiple surgeries in the past. What questions should I be asking when I am looking for a pain management doctor?!!!!!I have been on Zoloft for about a week now and have some nausea and dry mouth. Are these some known side effects? What other side effects can come up?!!!!!Hello doctor, I have been having dry eyes and I am prescribed eye drops. Can you let me know how to use the drops?!!!!!I have headache, leg weakness and 32 weeks pregnant. Should I go and see a doctor?!!!!!Tested negative for STD/STI's but have  small black purple lumps on foreskin and head of penis. What it could be? !!!!!What do you suggest if my son was just diagnosed with a heart murmur. he just turned 3 and I thought murmurs were diagnosed at birth?!!!!!Is it bad to fast for 16 hours and then eat three meals within 8 hours?!!!!!If I go to ER with a tooth ache will it be pulled?!!!!!How would doctors recommend I treat painful headaches or migraines?!!!!!Hey! Jason's reports are back. It shows alkaline phosphatase level: 40 IU/L. Is it low for a child? Should we see the doctor sooner?!!!!!How long would it take for children to start feeling better after they have had acute bronchitis?!!!!!What are the features/symptoms of a bone avulsion?!!!!!Just saw marble size black lump in bm. Thought possibly just food so poked at it w/latex glove. Def not food, it's poo. Red blood lately too. Already did ibd workup (neg). Temp 99.5 for a month. Er?!!!!!When is it necessary to drink salt water?!!!!!What causes a  3.71 x 4.35cm mixed echogenic mass in the fundus of the uterus?!!!!!How can I treat hands numbness and tingling?!!!!!Hello doctor my daughter is having symptoms of type 1 diabetes. What I can do to help?!!!!!Can I use a tampon for the bleeding one week after undergoing a medical abortion?!!!!!What is the most effective skin bleach/lightening cream?!!!!!Do you think I need to see my local doctor for BP 144/101 mmhg?!!!!!Extreme pain in one leg like cramp. What to do next time?!!!!!I vomited this morning and I am not sure if it is the side effect of my antibiotic or the alcohol I took last night...!!!!!Hello doctor I am going to get a surgery for scaphoid. May I know what are the side effects and recovery time? !!!!!Is it safe to take testosterone boosters before 18?!!!!!I inhaled fumes of bleaching powder and I am having headache and nausea. What symptoms do I look for? Is this some thing that warrants an ER visit?!!!!!I'm 19, doctor checked cervix, developed abnormal cells, maybe HPV warts, getting more tests, been with boyfriend 2 years can I still have unprotected sex?!!!!!How can I slow hair loss in the middle front of my hair?!!!!!I had unprotected sex 10 days back and I'm expecting my period soon. I feel nausous, tired, constipated and breasts hurt. Does that sound like signs of pregnancy?!!!!!Is coffee helpful when you have a headache?!!!!!Can a strenuous workout cause chest pain? Is that normal?!!!!!Can gastritis cause back pain?!!!!!When after you concieve can your nipples start itching?!!!!!Is it okay not to eat the whole day to rduce the calorie intake?!!!!!I have been having intense back spasms and none of the basic measures are helping. What should I do?!!!!!I was taking 20mg Prozac (fluoxetine) and increased to 30mg daily this month . Should i take all in the morning or or divide at breakfast and lunch. Eventually i plan to move to 40mg daily . When should I increase?!!!!!If i suffer the side effects of the morning after pill should I assume they worked ?!!!!!I have been feeling numb and dizzy with neck pain for last 3 days. What could be the cause?!!!!!Why does one need to have a heart surgery?!!!!!Can I drink alcohol after recovering from bird flu?!!!!!Can people with high BP take Vit B 12 shots?!!!!!Are diet pills to lose weight/belly fat dangerous?!!!!!What is overdose magnesium to take by mouth? I took 200 mg Is this too much?!!!!!Does being on antidepressants cause an increase in the prolactin levels in the body?!!!!!Help! Rash on right leg, will not go away, doctors can't help, what is it and what do I do now?!!!!!I have repeated intolerable leg cramps for last 2 weeks. Can you help me with remedies for a quick relief?!!!!!I was taking amoxicillin for tooth problem. On the second day I started having full bladder with difficulty to urinate and clear discharge symptoms.?!!!!!I am 42 and I don't get my period every month. I think I will attain menopause soon. I am worried about the post menopausal changes such as mood swings, dry vagina, etc. Should I consider hormonal therapy?!!!!!My partner has been having lower abdominal pain, vomiting and passing blood in stools. He does seem to be constipated for sometime now. Is this something to worry about?!!!!!How does a boil look tender?!!!!!I am diagnosed with maxillary sinus carcinoma. May I know about the treatment options?!!!!!Do you think Hashimoto's thyroiditis is curable?!!!!!I have tenderness/swelling in front of my right ear, most noticeable when mouth is open, feels like it could be top of jaw. Sharp pain in ear area too?!!!!!Hi I just found out I contracted an std. My doctor prescribed me Azithromicyn 500, they are too big to swallow, am I able to crush them up with food?!!!!!What is the definition or description of: diclofenac?!!!!!Can rogaine (minoxidil) cause weight gain, body aches and pain in the kidney area? I've been on it nearly a month.!!!!!I have abdomen cramps and bloating with fatigue, headache, nausea. I have been peeing a lot but I haven't increased water intake lately. I developed low grade fever last night. I took tylenol but I am planning to consult my doctor tomorrow, what all tests would be done and what tests should I ask for?!!!!!Is whey protein bad for men with endogenic hair fall?!!!!!Does 'open' reduction with intramedullary nailing of tibial shaft fracture causes muscle weakness and slow bone healing due to soft tissue damage?!!!!!I think I might have developed an allergic reaction to biaxin (clarithromycin), should I stop taking it?!!!!!I have arthritis and have been prescribed with Methotrexate. How does it work? How long will it take to show its effects?!!!!!Testicle scan showed 4 cysts. But I have constant dull ache. The pipe above testicle is prominent, no infection seen. What could be causing the pain?!!!!!I am freaking out! I just noticed some blood in my stool, what does it mean? Please help...!!!!!Is atherosclerosis hereditary?!!!!!I am a 32 year old female and for the past few months, I have been getting bad acne mainly on my chin and jawline. Do you think my husband's whiskers might have irritated and resulted in acne? Is there anything I can try to make it better?!!!!!My mother-in-law says her left arm hurts and her fingers twitch a lot. Nothing abnormal with her heart according to her tests last month. What could be the cause?!!!!!Can you please help me choosing the right diet for me? I have been having diarrhea everyday since I got a part of my colon removed.!!!!!Please advise if it's normal or okay if i'm cramping during my fertile days ?!!!!!What can cause tingling sensation under the foot?!!!!!How can I treat eyelid twitching and spasm at home?!!!!!My daughter have stopped growing after her periods started. I fear she may not get taller like me. Should we see the doctor? !!!!!My leg has been hurting for months and I mostly limp after a 10 min walk. My US indicated diffuse thickening with edema of gastrocnemius. My MD said to ice up the region. Is this okay? !!!!!I have been diagnosed with athlete's foot and was given ketoconazole cream. How long should I use it?!!!!!What are the signs of having frostbite?!!!!!I have been given Azithromycin as  I am diagnosed with Chlamydia. Should my partner also get treatment for the same?!!!!!Why would a 2 month old baby cry and refuse feeds every time? He is on formula!!!!!Hymenal ring remnant... what is it and how can you fix it?!!!!!I put on some weight in last 2 months and I am wondering if eating fast can cause weight gain. Is that true?!!!!!Can I take my antibiotic an hour early its penicillin 500mg 1 tablet every 12 hours?!!!!!How come so many medical doctors do not believe that adrenal fatigue is a real issue?!!!!!Hi! I am a 24 year old woman and I have been experiencing some pain in my breasts, both sides for a couple of months now. I am not sexually active curently. Why the pain then?!!!!!Can I continue to lose weight if I get pregnant. My target is to lose 30 lbs but I am also TTC.!!!!!What are the healings from hydrotherapy ?!!!!!I seem to have decreased hearing in my ear for sometime now. Can listening to loud noises result in hearing loss?!!!!!I normally wash my hair 1 * week because it's very dry I take isotretinoin. Will have washing it in 9 days instead of 7 make it fallout more?!!!!!!What is a semen culture?!!!!!How can I stop binge drinking?!!!!!Whats a type 1 shellfish allergy?!!!!!I am 48 years old and I want to know what can help me because I have erectile dysfunction? I am on blood pressure medication and Cialis already. !!!!!What are some treatment options for acute bronchitis in childten?!!!!!Are probiotics helpful in diarrhea?!!!!!Can I have a glass of wine while taking methylprednisolone for poison ivy?!!!!!What surgeries can be tried out for long term, low back pain?!!!!! I am on Azithromycin for a week for chlamydia and I had unprotected intercourse. Should I take another dose?!!!!!My doctor said  that I have chest inflammation as my chest kept popping at times.Could you suggest some remdies? !!!!!I recently underwent surgery for hemorrhoids.May I ask how long will it take for me to start my daily activities?!!!!!Do you think dryness of eyes and dryness of lips may be related?!!!!!Can CBT be used to treat anxiety?!!!!!Out of the blue, my heart will just get this pain. It really hurts. Why?!!!!!I had cervical cerclage at 14 weeks pregnancy and was asked to avoid sexual activity. What are my risks of preterm birth? Does having sex result in any complications?!!!!!Why does an insurance company ask for a medical exam?!!!!!24yo f  find myself sweating on face andupper body feeling so hot while doing simple tasks  lasts for few hours .!!!!!Can stress cause the period to last shorter? Or am I pregnant?!!!!!Do you think sitting for a long time on laptop may be the cause of my rounded shoulders? My head seems to have a forward tilt of about 4 inches.!!!!!Can you share some butt enhancing exercises with me? Some that actually work? !!!!!Took a pregnancy test came up positive but very faint an I had an abortion 3 weeks ago what does this mean thanks?!!!!!I have a white bump on my lip, could it be Herpes?!!!!!If I only have 10 minutes to work out, what can I do?!!!!!My rheumatologist said 'if a patient has lupus then prednisone doesn't work." why is that?!!!!!I have an on and off headache for a few months now. Could it be a migraine?!!!!!What are the treatment options for frequent urination?!!!!!Is it okay to wear contact lens if I have dry eyes and some mucus in eyes? Not much irritation in eyes though.!!!!!Can renal failure and pulmonary hypertension from Sjogren be reversed by injecting Sodium bicarbonate?!!!!!I was diagnosed with chronic migraine in my childhood and there hasn't been any episode for last 2-3 years. I experienced severe headache last night and I am wondering if it is due to refractory chronic migraine or transformed migraine. Can you help me with the differences between these two types of migraine? Also, should I consult a headache specialist or general neurologist with my chronic migraine?!!!!!Can you tell me the names of health care institutions or pharmacies known for compounding voriconazole 1% eye drops solution ?!!!!!What kinds of epilepsy are there?!!!!!Can destroyed enamel from bruxism regrow? I have started wearing a night guard recently and wanted to know if things could go back to normal?!!!!!I got amalgam tooth filling done recently and it hurts a lot. What could be the reason?!!!!!Can anything prevent migraines that happen due to sudden change in temperature?!!!!!Why am i so forgetful all the time i forget we're i'm going what i'm doing an saying?!!!!!Hi docs, is it true that people are born with both male and female parts?!!!!!What OTC medications help with back pain on the right side?!!!!!A friend and i were fooling around  one night and we are both pretty sure the only thing we did was oral sex...Is there any way i could be pregnant?!!!!!Think I slightly inflamed my breast tissue from self-examining them too hard. Could this cause an enlarged lymph node in the area?!!!!!I have stuffy nose and postnasal drip for last 5 days. I also experience pain in cheeks and headache on sneezing. I was prone to sinusitis in my childhood and I think it's back now. What can I do for relief? It's very uncomfortable. !!!!!Is Crohn's disease completely curable or just manageable?!!!!!When is Lyme's test advised? Do I need it if I have fever and cough?!!!!!Can pregnancy be detected by a routine blood exam or is there a more specific blood test for it?!!!!!My eye is much better now but I still have mild itching, is this normal after treatment?!!!!!I have acid reflux and has been treated for it but I do seem to have a cough now. I'm a known smoker as well. Should I be worried?!!!!!What foods can help us build our muscle mass while keeping the fat down?!!!!!White vitamins are essential for day and night vision? !!!!!I'm a 58 yr old man and was found to have a WIDAL test positive about 25 days ago and now after 25 days it is negative. What can I do?!!!!!I think I have HIV, as I am having its symptoms. Should I get checked? !!!!!What to do if I have stones in both of my kidneys one is a 7mm. If I just leave the stones alone will they?!!!!!I missed my period by 4 days. Though my urine pregnancy test kit says negative, I am very much worried as I am just 15. I read that blood pregnancy test is more accurate than urine test. I know my parents shoulc accompany me for that and I don't want my parents to find out about this. Is there any way I can abort this pregnancy without them finding out?!!!!!I am having a dull pain at my esophagus. Been burping a lot too. Feel slightly better if I take omeporazale. What should I do?!!!!!I've heard that apple cider is helpful in weight reduction. What is the best way to use it for weight loss purpose?!!!!!I have left arm pain with bleeding since yesterday. I got injured while playing and someone hit me by accident on my arm yesterday. What can I do for relief? Can you also give me a few tips for faster healing of my wound?!!!!!Ejection fraction of gb very low. Diet stripped down to lean meats, fruits, vegs. Reflux in throat that is constant yet varies in intensity. Related?!!!!!What are some tips for making it easier to use eyedrops?!!!!!I am a MTF and want to start HRT. What are the side effects of aldactone?!!!!!What are the symptoms of a fungal nail infection?!!!!!How can you tell the difference between hemmorhoids and colon cancer? Even though the symptoms are very similar, what are the major differences?!!!!!What are the symptoms of plantar fascitis?!!!!!What are some uses of apple cider tablets?!!!!!Are hysterectomy and angioplasty dangerous if had one after the other?!!!!!Could you tell me, whether astigmatism also includes high myopia category? !!!!!Hello doctor, where can I get the genetic testing for my baby. I want to know who is the father of my baby. !!!!!I had implanon removed and now have Evelyn for the combined pill. Had a few months normal but now bleed when wipe & shouldn't be. Why? See a doc?!!!!!I'm on the Depo-Provera shot. Not sexually active. When I wake up and stand up I have a rush of clear discharge. Is this normal?!!!!!My bf fingrd me possibly sperm on his hands. His fingr was dry and all he did was wipe his penis wi/ a ppr twl. We don't think any got on his handspreg?!!!!!My wife continues pain in her lower left side. She went to Dr a he could not find any problem. However pain is still a problem all day. Anything?!!!!!Unexplained numbness and sharp stabbing pain in the left side of my body. Suggestions?!!!!!Recurrent panic attacks, feeling of deja vu, anxiety. Lasting fora few months now. Is this something to worry about?!!!!!What is the management of tiny lumps that come up on the back and present as spots on the skin?!!!!!Is collapse of the neck vertebrae common? What are the symptoms on ecan expect?!!!!!I am out of Percocet, how many Tylenol pills should I take to give a similar amount of pain relief?!!!!!What are some symptoms of milk allergy?!!!!!How soon can I drink alcohol after being tested positive for Hep A?!!!!!Is it normal to feel nauseuous while on period?!!!!!I recently got tests for INR 1.12 APTT ratio 1.16 Beta-2 Microglobulin 1.50mg/L, are these levels normal or should I be worried? I'm just 18, please help me. I am scared. !!!!!How many minutes should I work out to lose weight?!!!!!What are the symptoms of alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency?!!!!!I think I have an ingrown hair problem with my beard area. What would you suggest I use for the itching and red bumps that happen due to that?!!!!!I've got a bench with a barbell, dumbbells, pull up bar, and a treadmill, what are some workouts i could do to gain muscle?!!!!!What kind of medications or treatment modalities are available for someone who has increased blood coagulation?!!!!!Can one spread HPV even when the immune system clears it off completely?!!!!!I have lower back ache for last few months, that has been getting worse lately. This started when I started working out. I want to understand what muscles attribute to lower back ache so that I can avoid workouts causing strain of these muscles. Can you help me with this?!!!!!Bright red spotting &period due in 6days. Had lght spottng 4 past yr mid cycle. Last month period lasted 12 days. 44 yrs old. Worried. Hormones?!!!!!I have a rash or damage skin on my stomach area and a little on my arms. The rash itches, red, flaky. I wanted to know what u thoughs were?!!!!!What is the type of surgery for an aneurysm?!!!!!My doctor diagnosed me with thyroid issues, as I was sweating on my face and upper body while even doing simple tasks. The doctor presecribed me with some medication. Can you suggest me some home remedies? !!!!!What can be the reason for an itchy, dark, brown mole on the hip with surrounding erythema? !!!!!One week ago tonight I threw up several times, no diarrhea or stomach cramps. Slept for the rest of the next day. Still no energy!!! Appetite is back.!!!!!Does taking 5 htp help reduce the adrenaline hormone in the adrenal glands?!!!!!How much does it cost to get an arthroscopic knee surgery done? !!!!!My MRI report is out and it shows Post Longitudnal lig tear. Is there a treatment for this?!!!!!What's best for a 1 year old, breast milk or bottle milk? !!!!!Question on a discharge--slimey and midcycle?!!!!!I am 16 years old male and I have noticed some unsual discharge from penis but there is pai with ejaculation or while passing urine. I am not sexually active, I am worried that this might affect my fertility. Please help.!!!!!Once you start a weight loss regimen, do you lose weight consistently or does the rate of weight loss slow down over time?!!!!!What the ideal body weight for a 5'4" female?!!!!!Is the Chlamydia retested after treatment?!!!!!What are the chances of survival following a stomach cancer diagnosis?!!!!!I noticed a bump in the vaginal area that itches a bit and is quite painful. Could it be from shaving a few days back?!!!!!I was told by my doctor that I have melanocytic lesion when I got checked my newly developed very small black spot on my abdomen recently. He said it is benign and nothing to worry about cancer. But I would like to get it removed, can you tell me a few treatment options for that?!!!!!My BNP value is less than 10pg/ML, does it rules out CHF or serious heart problem? !!!!!Could you apprise me about the benifits of prohormones? !!!!!Is cubital tunnel syndrome very common in young females?!!!!!I think I have a bunion that is very painful and it's too late for me to go to a store. Are there any common household items I can use to help for now?!!!!!What are the side effects of 5htp and adrenaline?!!!!!I am on valproic acid for my absence seizures and I am trying to get pregnant. Is it safe to valproic acid when trying to get pregnant?!!!!!Can a child get cancer if parents have it? !!!!!Would seeing a chirpractor help me with my back problems?!!!!!Is it normal to have bleeding after a colonoscopy that's not related to a bowel movement?!!!!!We have been trying to conceive and I notice fluid leak immediately after intercourse. Would that be the semen and would it decrease my chances of pregnancy?!!!!!I have enlarged uterus, bicornuate uterus and ovarian cyst and I am considering hysterectomy, yet to discuss with my OBGYN. I hav excruciating lower abdomen pain today, took tylenol but I am not sure how long it helps. Should I consult my OBGYN and discuss hysterectomy?!!!!!My daughter is having dripping nose and sneezing time after time. She is persiting for a shower from along time. Should I allow it? !!!!!Is it possible to cure cataract without a lens implant but with corrective lenses?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am using Mupricoin for my wound and it healed and now can I apply bandaid after applying mupriocin?!!!!!How is a medical exam used by the insurance company?!!!!!Father has psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis, I also have joint pain. Does that mean an autoimmune disease will pass on to my son as well?!!!!!I'm so sick of getting so many pimples! what can I do?!!!!!I have a headache, dizziness and blurred vision and i just got into a fender bender, should I be worried, and what is this a sign of?!!!!!I used a condom for sex. I checked for rips and it was fine, no rips. If it doesnt rip is it pretty much a sure bet effectiveness against stds?!!!!!Does breastfeeding actually reduce the incidence of brest cancer or is it just a myth?!!!!!I got a colonoscopy done a couple of days ago and I noticed bleeding from my anal region today when I was not passing stools. Is this considered normal and expected after a colonoscopy procedure?!!!!!I am depressed because my husband left me. I am on opioids and want to get off them. i am using anti depressive medications and they are not working. What can I do to help?!!!!!Will an infection in a belly piercing cause flu symptoms?!!!!!How is HSV tested for, if an infection is suspected?!!!!!Do age related changes affect retinal pigment epithelium?!!!!!Why does/would wearing an abdominal binder raise my blood pressure? Both diastolic and systolic increased by 10 points, pushing me into hypertensive range 135/105.!!!!!In the middle of my chest under my breast bone it fells wierd I cant explain it?!!!!!I am allergic to mold and I have some mold at my home. Do you think I should get an ozone air generator? I heard that it helps take away mold and bad odor, not sure if it is true- Any thoughts?!!!!!Does exercising help reduce the blood pressure in pregnant women?!!!!!I've been having some swelling and bleeding from my gums. What could be going on?!!!!!I feel discouraged and has not been able to sleep well because I am not able to cope with college like others. Can you please help me?!!!!!Could you apprise me, how does warfarin alternatives work?!!!!!I had pricked myself on a knock out rose bush at two spots, the swelling has gone down but it  stills hurts and itches. I know, it's not infected but what should I do? !!!!!Could ovarian cysts enlarge during ovulation?!!!!!Can Benadryl help with an itching?!!!!!Is there a chance that a dermoid cyst can recur or spread to other parts progressing to cancer?!!!!!I have perceptible tenderness and swelling in front of my ear, mostly on opening of the jaw along with ear pain. What could cause it? !!!!!Is a single dose of Azithromycin helpful in treating PID? I already took it along with antibiotic injection. But I still have the symptoms. :( !!!!!Which OTC medications help with tongue pain?!!!!!Hey quick question. Is it normal to have itching during ovulation? Esp if there is a vaginal discharge?!!!!!My 19 year old male friend took viagra (sildenafil), he's complaining of chest pain now. What should we do? !!!!!I used a new mascara and landed up with some redness in the eye and pain as well. Can this be an allergy?!!!!!Can you still get Chlmydia after completing treatment, even if you abstain from sex?!!!!!Does redness of the testicles mean cancer?!!!!!Can one notice high hematocrit levels after blood transfusion?!!!!!What pills shall I ask my pharmacist to help with the nerves?!!!!!I have an itchy and oily scalp with red bumps all over my scalp. I recently used a new medicated shampoo, which has not been prescribed to me. Does this sound like an allergic reaction?!!!!!My Patella is tender to touch, and hurts and pops when the knee is bent. There isn't any noticeable swelling. But there is pressure around patella.!!!!!I have impacted tooth and my dentist referred me to an oral surgeon. Aren't they both the same? What is the difference between a dentist and an oral surgeon?!!!!!I have COPD and I have been on 12.5mcg fentanyl. My doctor doubled up my dose but I don't want to. Can you tell me if I can try any measures at home for relief?!!!!!How is substance abuse diagnosed?!!!!!Is g.E. Sulpfameth/tmp ds helpful in pink eye treatment?!!!!!What causes you to vomit with a itchy throat?!!!!!Can deficiency of Vitamin A result in inability to see in dark?!!!!!What are the symptoms of cervical spondylosis?!!!!!My husband is a Type 2 Diabetic on Lantus Insulin and Actrapid (to be taken as per his blood sugar readings. About an hour back, he took his usual 30 units of Lantus and vomited. He was sweating as well. Should we be worried?!!!!!The fleshy part of my hand below thumb hurts a lot. I didn't get injured anytime in the recent past. What could be the cause of my pain?!!!!!After getting by dentures fixed I have pain which is severe, worsening and has swelling and difficulty swallowing. Does this point out to an infection? !!!!!My 3 year old has had a fever hovering around a 103 for most of today? Is this something for which I should see his pediatrician?!!!!!Should I take my Cymbalta (duloxetine) 30mg in a.m. or p.m.? I take it for diabetic neuropathy.  My Neuropathy is worse in the evening and night. Thank you.!!!!!I have red, flaky and itchy rash on my stomach and arms. What can I do?!!!!!My sister is dealing with morning sickness and has been given medication. Is there anything else you can suggest to ease the nausea?!!!!!I am an obese female and I tried eating healthy diet and counting my calories. I started work out. I lost about 40 pounds in 5 months and I have some loose skin on my arms and hands. How do I tone them?!!!!!I have a small lump at the bottom of my right ear. Any idea what it could be? Thanks.!!!!!I have pectus excavatum and I am wondering how severe is it?!!!!!What are some preventive measures for orthostatic hypotension?!!!!!I'm currently on birth control pills and my period is expected in a week and have breast soreness. Is this normal? I do have a small lump in the breast but haven't been able to get it checked. !!!!!My friend tried commiting suicide by taking extra dose of cetrizine. What can be done to help him? Will he be okay?!!!!!How long does a wrenched ligament in the knee take to heal?!!!!!I was lifting weights at the gym and seemed to have hurt my upper back. It seems like a pulled muscle. How long does this last?!!!!!Is gastrointestinal influenza contagious? What are the symptoms it would present with?!!!!!Why does spinning around cause vomiting? What does it do to the brain?!!!!!My GF has AIDS, do I need to be on prophylaxis?!!!!!I have been prescribed Itopride Hydrochloride? How frequently should I be taking it?!!!!!Can swimming darken my child's scab and is he allowed to go back again?!!!!!Walked somewhere yesterday in skinny jeans. Left testicle started hurting. Hurts when I touch it. Never happened before. I am very healthy.!!!!!Low pottasuim ? What number do you have to be? An can I take over-the-counter medicine?!!!!!I feel like I have a cyst in my head. Could it be cancer?!!!!!Can BV and yeast infections persist even after proper treatment? I still think I have some symptoms.!!!!!Hello doctor, I am diagnosed with GAD and was given Klonopin an I have been on the medication for few months. Now, the medication is not helping and my doctor wants to change me to celexa. Can I know about the side effects and efficacy of each? Which medication do you think is better?!!!!!My sister has pain in the middle of upper abdomen and has been feeling full early. She was given omeproazole for acid reflux. Should that fix it?!!!!!My partner has been suffering from PTSD for a long time now and has been having frequent panic attacks and trembling in fear. He is currently on treatment for it for it for the last one week. How long does it take for the medications to work?!!!!!If I am allergic to normal earrings, can I put a coating of clear nail polish on the earring, or is that bad? I've read this on a few websites.!!!!!I am diagnosed with conjunctivitis and I used expired drops from last time. Can it damage my vision?!!!!!Please suggest best antibiotics for higher wcb and crp. It is due to gall bladder surgery and removed from my daughter?!!!!!I'm 21 yrs old and noticed white bumps all over the body. My sibling has it as well. Does that sound like keratosis pilaris? Is there anything I can do to treat it?!!!!!How likely is someone to give meningitis to someone if he's gotten the vaccine?!!!!!What types of medication are effective at reducing or eliminating PVCs?!!!!!I am worried about complications of for LEEP (Loop Electrosurgical Excision Procedure) of cervix. My doctor suggested it for me after he noticed some abnormal cervical cells in Pap smear. Could you please tell me more about complications of the procedure? Do you think this procedure can affect my chances of getting pregnant in future?!!!!!How is diabetes detected? Should I test my blood sugar before or after eating?!!!!!I am HIV positive. I am on Zidovudine for my treatment and my CD4 count is in control. How long will it tak for my HIV to become full blown AIDS?!!!!!Is it normal to get a cystocele on first pregnancy at 27w? Not overweight.  Stand and sit for long periods of time. Is there harm to baby?!!!!!How do I decide which is the best birth control for me?!!!!!I have been having sharp pain in my hand knuckles, I pop them a lot but I worry a lot about arthritis because my parents also have arthritis. Can I have arthritis?!!!!!I have a lump on my head. Could it be cancer?!!!!!I heard with taking diflucan there is liver damage. I took a 3 day course for my yeast infection. Do you think I damaged my liver?!!!!!I am having on/off chest pain and sometimes it appears out of the blue. Can you suggest any measures to subside it? !!!!!I am on fluoxetine one tablet daily, can I take Prilosec with it?!!!!!I was prescribed Tripsin+Chymotripsin for tooth treatment tds for 3days. Can I continue these combination for a long period?!!!!!How do I know if I have STDs?!!!!!Please help! What is the survival rate of malignant meningioma?!!!!!My 10 year old neice has Ehlers Danlos syndrome with POTS. Her doctor has suggested 64 oz of water for her but it seems too much for her to drink. Do you know what is the daily water requirement for her if she weighs 60 lbs?!!!!!Hello doctor, I ran out out my hypertensive meidcation. Can I get the prescription refilled with out subsribing to your service?!!!!!Yesterday had like 24hr bug with vomiting and bad diorreah waterlike, today a rash has appeared very itchy looks like measles but it isn't, what is it?!!!!!Hello doctor I took plan B and 3 days later I had light bleeding. Can I be pregnant 3 das later?!!!!!Could he be suffering from ptsd? My husband was sexually molested as a young child, once by an older man and then by teenagers. At the time, he was also being physically abused at home, so he had no one to turn to for help. He recently began dealing with!!!!!Is it normal to have stool on the skin under the vagina on wiping the perineum after passing stool. I clean it front to back.!!!!!I have been on clomid for few days and finished the last pill and have nipple discharge from right nipple if squeezed strongly. !!!!!Is taking 5mg of prednisone daily for a year considered fairly safe?!!!!!Period over 4 days ago. But Period alike (like) tingle and bit of cramps now.  Nothing major. Is this Bcoz of HPV I have? Does it cause pain? CIN1 too!!!!!My partner has been diagnosed with an ovarian cyst and has pain on the lower left side of abdomen  and now the pain seems to be worsening. Could it be a rupture?!!!!!Is aloe vera juice good for hypertension?!!!!!What is the direction of some legitimate plastic surgeons that deal in cleft lips?!!!!!Is a two day period with light cramps normal? I usually have it for 3-4 days with very bad cramps. Could i be pregnant?!!!!!My chest X-rays keep showing only my lungs but not my ribs! How is that possible?!!!!!Are african americans protected from skin cancer due to their skin color? I was wondering because I never used a sunscreen so far. Am I at risk?!!!!!I need to know if there is more than one type of achondroplasia?!!!!!My girlfriend woke up with a bruise on the end of her chin this morning. She never had it when she went to bed and never bumped it. What can it be?!!!!!How accurate are the doctors measurements of the baby to determine baby weeks, due date, conception, ovulation etc...!!!!!I have on & off severe right lower abdomen pain for last couple of weeks. I consulted a doctor and a urine sample was collected, a few other imaging tests were done. My doctor thinks I may have bladder stones. I am worried, would I need to undergo surgery?!!!!!Are there any complications associated with stent procedure and atherectomy? Are there any non invasive treatment options available to take care of plaque in coronary arteries?!!!!!Can L3-5 fusion with hardware help alleviate leg and hip numbness after a back surgery 3 years ago?!!!!!I have been taking treatment for anxiety and depression. I was given a new medication and have experienced heart flutters, can this medication cause it?!!!!!All of a sudden my ears stopped producing ear wax. What could be the cause?!!!!!What can cause ssri shock-like sensations if you been off an ssri for 45 days?!!!!!When your iris leaks into your pupil is it the same as pupil into iris? What is it called? What causes? What problems can arise?!!!!!Do doughnuts have any nutrient value or are they pure junk?!!!!!I didn't get my period yet even though I have been off depo for the last 5 months. I have been on the shots for 2 to 3 years. TTC. !!!!!Can you take tylenol (acetaminophen) and Advil together? Can you take tylenol (acetaminophen) and Advil together?!!!!!Does doctor prescribe levaquin( levofloxacin) for diverticulitis? !!!!!My spider bite took too long to heal but now it's having scar mark. What can I do for that? !!!!!I had unprotected sex and now my period is expected on 14th June and now 2 days before I am spotting and is it implantation?  !!!!!In an attempt to diagnose illness I have had 7 CT scans in 2 years . Because of new upper abdominal right side pain dr ordered hyda scan. Should i be concerned about  the radiation?!!!!!How can I deal with anxeity without medication?!!!!!My 5 year old has dental issues and had undergone surgery under general anaesthesia. The Dr said, the child will forget everything he remembers of that procedure. Is it possible? !!!!!What can a pain mean in right hand side next to bladder. It comes and goes and is quite severe?!!!!!Hello doctor, i feel numbness and diziness in my haed and neck pain, pls help me ?!!!!!I am 44, experiencing some breast and nipple tenderness since a week, haven't had my period in a while, could I be pregnant?!!!!!Please help me with fibromyalgia ptsd bipolar and high anxiety?!!!!!I have been experiencing nausea every day along with headache and I missed my period recently. I am a virgin and I am not sexually active in any way. What could be the possible cause of my symptoms?!!!!!How bad is olive oil in your diet?!!!!!I have light yellow vaginal discharge along with soreness. Have been on antibiotics for UTI. STD testing is clear. Can using antibiotics be a cause?!!!!!How effective is the HINI and the H5N1 flu shot? Would you recommend I get it?!!!!!I have not been sleeping well for the past few days because of a cold. Can this cause a sharp striking/stinging pain in my head?!!!!!Late menstrual period after bad carwreck?!!!!!I'm a 40 yr old male, smoker for 10 yrs. Developed sudden swelling in the leg with severe pain and is red. My chest seems to hurt and I feel shortness of breath. Does that sound like pulmonary embolism? Should I visit the ER?!!!!!What are the symptoms of blocked arteries in the brain? If CT scan and MRI of brain are fine, can I feel reassured?!!!!!Can a low T4 be treated with Iodine supplements alone?!!!!!What are some common symptoms of stroke?!!!!!How long should u wait on an ssri (fluvoxamine) if you don't see any improvement? How much time will u give it to be sure there will be no improvement?!!!!!I am having a lot of palpitations and some chest pain and I just smoked weed, is this a panic attack? !!!!!How many hours does it take to get food poisining with ice cream? (chocolate ice cream)!!!!!Is surgery the only treatment option for a brain epidermoid or a meningioma?!!!!!My cum is a little foamy, thick and stringy. Is it normal for  girl? !!!!!Does stress causes hematospermia?!!!!!Can you suggest a good moisturizer for chaffed lips?!!!!!35 years old female no heart problems, sharp pain in chest/heart. Only last a min. Hits anytime driving sitting takes my breath away, happening more?!!!!!What are the effects of Chiari Malformation? My cousin has diabetes and his recent reports show pitutary issues. Is that related?!!!!!I missed my period by 4 days but I noticed spotting on the day of my expected due date of period. I experience a few other signs of pregnancy. I asked 2 nurses and they think I can be pregnant. I am very nervous. What do you think are my chances of pregnancy?!!!!!My LMP is 05/10 and we had an intercourse on October 22nd. My cycle length is 31 days. When would have conception taken place?!!!!!Can sun urticaria cause anaphylaxis?!!!!!Does time matter during ovulation ?!!!!!Had abortion 3 weeks back and now my pregnancy test is still weakly positive. What does that mean?!!!!!My aunt has lower back ache for last couple of years, that has been getting worse. She attained menopause and was recommended calcium supplements by her doctor. Should she be trying anything else for relief or get any tests done?!!!!!I  sometimes gets chest pain out of the blue, what could be the reason? !!!!!I am 19 year old male. I am planning to take viagra ( sildenafil). Could you educate me, what might happen? !!!!!I missed my period by 4 days today and I took pregnancy test twice, that came back negative. Is it too early for me to take a pregnancy test for accurate/positive results. Also, when should I consult my doctor to get an accurate result of blood pregnancy test?!!!!!What does a MCV of 84 and ferritin of 15 mean? Will iron supplements help if the levels are abnormal?!!!!!On Clomid since 3/4 months and have 29 days cycle. I have ovulation on 14th-15th day and is for 4 days. Is the treatment I am using normal? !!!!!What is macular edema? I just got diagnosed with it.!!!!!Is it normal to feel itchy in the vaginal area when one ovulates?!!!!!Am I at risk of a miscarriage with cyclical vomiting?!!!!!Can obesity cause bilateral pitting edema? And how to get rid of it?!!!!!I have athlete's foot and wanted to know if there are any remedies I could try at home?!!!!!I have frequent urination, can it be because of UTI?!!!!!How do playing sports like voleyball makes get an arm fracture?!!!!! I have heard a lot of 18 year old taking thermogenics. Could you tell me what we mean by thermogenics? !!!!!I have seasonal allergies and now have itchy eyes, headache with heaviness sensation for 4 days now. Headaches and eye pain have been bad. Should I talk to my doctor?!!!!!Can you tell me how is an echocardiography performed?!!!!!I have flu. I have no history of heart deceases. My heart rate is a bit higher as normal. Is it normal during flu, or is this a concern?!!!!!Does muscle tenseness from antipsychotics go away after they are stopped? Do all other side effects go away or is the brain rewired retaining effects!!!!!Should I take my inhalor before I go in to see the doctor for a check up?!!!!!I got gum injury from eating hard cereal. How can I stop the bleeding?!!!!!I have numbness and tingling in arms, legs, stiffness, tightness in head or face. This happens when I sit for long. Asking what to do?!!!!!In my first sonogram at 7 weeks my due date is 3/22 and now at 13 weeks my due date is 3/15. Which is correct?!!!!!I think I may have broken my heel! I slammed into a big rock at the end of my zip line and hurt myself. Now what?!!!!!Hello doctor I want to know what are the other treatment options apart from diflucan for yeast infections?!!!!!I took 20mg of Prozac (fluoxetine) for 4 days. I have been off of it for 3 days. How long does it take to get out of my system?!!!!!My bf and I were fooling around with clothes on. And after I noticed ALot of precum on his jeans where my crotch was. Can this get me pregnant?!!!!!Is it imperative that one takes medication for Type 2 diabetes control or is diet and exercise modification enough?!!!!!Only one sexual partner and cervical dysplasia reoccured, what's wrong?!!!!!I have to undergo endoscopic sinus surgery and septoplasty. How long would it take for me to return to work?!!!!!Would my lower back pain be worsened by playing sports?!!!!!How long does a cut on finger usually take to heal? If a cut on finger is barely visible after a few hours, like 10 hrs of getting the cut, does that mean it has healed? Just wondering if it can heal that quickly.!!!!!I have been experiencing dizziness, right lower abdomen pain, shoulder pain for last 5 days. I had unprotected sex last week and I think I have ectopic pregnancy but my urine pregnancy test today came back negative. What could be the cause of my symptoms?!!!!!I have been having diarrhea and bad stomach cramps for the past few days. Are my symptoms due to ulcer or stomach flu?!!!!!Can I skip my sugar pills and still be safe?!!!!!I have a 1.4 cm mass on my inner right ankle between the bone and nerve. I have a planned surgery, could you apprise how big the incision will be too excise that mass?  !!!!!I have dry gangrene of left foot covering 3 toes for last 6 months but it never extends to foot. I am scared of surgery and I can't convince myself to get an amputation. What happens if I don't get the amputation done? If I get it done, do you think I'll be able to lead a normal life?!!!!!Hello doctor what are vasopressors? !!!!!What all tests should be done to estimate the correct dosage of Warfarin?!!!!!What can cause stabbing eye pain after sleep?!!!!!I have been stressed recently and have been noticing panic attacks. What do you think can be stimulating this?!!!!!What is the maximum dose of Adderall that anybody can take?!!!!!Are fever, headache, body ache common symptoms of a flu?!!!!!How does a DHT blocker affect the actions of birth control?!!!!!For the past few months, around the same time every month I get moody, irritable, bloated, fatigue cramps. These symptoms go on for about a week?!!!!!I underwent spetorhinoplasty 4 weeks ago and I notice a hump on my nose. How do we know if the hump is due to swelling or otherwise? Can the doctor determine the same with a physical exam or tests? !!!!!Can you explain what is the retinal pigment epithelium?!!!!!Having a blood test for neurological reasons, can it detect pregnancy?!!!!!My complete blood picture results note is rbcs show hypochromia, microcytosis and anisocytosis should I see a doctor or not?!!!!!What's the best time of the day to take an ovulation test?!!!!!What might cause glands in my armpit to swell?!!!!!Can anxiety and excessive caffeine cause palpitations?!!!!!I have been noticing brown discharge for 2 days. My vaginal area has alaso been itchy and painful. Do you think I am pregnant and that BC failed for me?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with athelete's foot which seems to be healing well but now notice some nail changes and they seem to be discolored and brittle. What can I do about it?!!!!!Blood pressure is 140/88. Little high? I'm 25.!!!!!I heard banana is rich in potassium. I am having diarrhea and can I take banana. !!!!!My mother is on Zyretc( Cetrizine) 20 mg once daily. She mentioned of feeling sleepy all the time. Is it safe to stop the medication? !!!!!If I took 2 Claritin (loratadine) + d 24 hr pills yesterday at 2pm and took 1 Claritin (loratadine) + d 24 hr pill today at 7am did I technically overdose?!!!!!Can there be a link between celiac's disease and polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos)?!!!!!Are there any topical ointments that can be used to treat holes on the face caused by acne?!!!!!Dads HbA1C was 6.2 at 21/1/2015, he made diabetic diet: HbA1C was 6.0 at 4/4/2015, can he now check HbA1C again?!!!!!What does EKG saying t wave flat mean?!!!!!How long would a surgery to remove bone spur take?!!!!!I have tingling, numbness, chest pain, shortness of breath, headache, nausea and increased heart rate. My doctor diagnosed me with anxiety. Can I know few remedies which may help ease anxiety?!!!!!Can Penicillin interfere with my birth control pill?!!!!!I have a lot of tiny red bumps in between my eyebrows. I thought it was pimples so I used benzoyl peroxide & that didn't work. Is it eczema?!!!!!What can I eat before my colonoscopy? They told me clear liquids, but what does that mean? Coffee?s not clear, but they said i can have that. What about orange juice or soda?!!!!!I am diagnosed with depression and have social anxiety. I am being socially isolated and humilated because of my disability. I am given Zoloft. Do zoloft help me with my depression and what are my side effects?!!!!!What does pain in the middle of the stomach on right side mean?!!!!!Might it be that a a child get cancer if parent had one?!!!!!Can seborrheic dermatitis cause hairloss? !!!!!What testing would you recommend for a lump near the ear and recurring headaches?!!!!!Does cut on lip turn into white bump?!!!!!My 6 month old has a fever, runny nose, cough and diarrhea? What antibiotic would be helpful?!!!!!What range of body temperature would be considered as a fever?!!!!!How can I prevent glaucoma?!!!!!What diagnosis can you deduce from ultrassound report mentioning enarlged gland with atleast 3 nodules, biggest being 3.6*3.2 cm?!!!!!Could you explain me the meaning of success of a 3 level lumbar fusion with internal stimulator. Previous fusion no growth?!!!!!How high does the heart rate go up to during exercise?!!!!!I took ovulation prediction test yesterday morning, that showed positive but negative on taking it last night. Does the time of test matter?!!!!!I think, I have fever, have already taken Advil and Tylenol (acetaminophen) with 2 hours gap. I am still feeling hot, what can I take next?!!!!!I'm 16 and my left testicle started having somewhat severe pain in it, it hurts more than extremely when I walk and it hits my pants I can't drive help?!!!!!I am worried, I am 5 days late for my periods, when should I take the pregnancy test? !!!!!Would you test for leukemia with chronic 15 WBC, low hematocrit, early satiety, fatigue and muscle weakness and malaise¿ Neg for "usual suspects"?!!!!!Is it safe to take apple cider tablets when pregnant?!!!!!I have acne ever since I was a teen. Will these go away on their own?!!!!!I have constant chest tightness and pounding heart through out the day every day for last 2 years with occasional difficulty in breathing. Is it possible that one with anxiety can have constant symptoms for 2 years?!!!!!I have chest pain and breathing difficulty. Do I have a heart disease?!!!!!I have been trying to coceive for 2 yrs now. How long should I try before considering fertility treatment?!!!!!What antibiotics can be used for an infection cause by gall bladder removal surgery leading to higher WBC and CRP for my son?!!!!!I had a surgery 3 days back under general anesthesia and now have a headache. Is this common or should I call my doctor?!!!!!I didn't get my period for a month and now having pink discharge and a negative pregnancy test and still no period. What is going on?!!!!!Had sex then took plan b pill next day, few days after pill came light bleeding for 3 days, could I still be pregnant?!!!!!My grandmother is going for dental implants and she has an appointment for CBCT. Do you think it is enough to know if she would need a sinus lift for preparing for dental implant or will she need an X-Ray as well? !!!!!I've been diagnosed with acid reflux GERD heartburn anxiety and pharyngitis I have been constipated for a week i went today and there was a white spot?!!!!!Do doctors have to do a biopsy to see if I have vaginal eczema or just a pelvic exam?!!!!!What are the side effects of Duphaston?!!!!!I noticed skin colored bumps on vaginal lips 3 days ago, that started hurting today. There is a pus point at the top of one of the bumps and it is warm to touch. I don't have insurance and I was wondering if I should pop and drain it or do I need to consult a doctor?!!!!!Is abdominal adhesions a common side-effect of a laparoscopic bilateral hernia repair surgery?!!!!!I usually take 2-3 minutes for ejaculation. Do you think it's premature? What's the normal duration for ejaculation to occur?!!!!!I have abdominal cramps, spotting, nause and fatigue. I am on oral contraceptive pills. I take them regularly. My pregnancy test is negative. I dont believe it is implantation as I am not pregnant. Could it be withdrawal bleeding or do I have an STD?!!!!!How long does it normally take a man to ejaculate, and at what point is ejaculation considered premature?!!!!!What is it if you get spots on your legs that look like liver spots but they're black?!!!!!Past couple days my eyelids are twitching. What may be the cause? Just slight spasm.!!!!!I have a lesion on my lower lip since last week and has not healed! I moisturize it to prevent cracking but now I have smaller bumps on upper lip!!!!!!What are the prices of a new medication called roflumilast?!!!!!I've had eczema on my face since october for the 1st time. Could it be from the makeup brush cleaner made of alcohol that I'm using or my foundation?!!!!!Do you think brown discharge and missed period could be due to PCOS?!!!!!I used bleach to help lighten my skin and now notice a rash and burning sensation on my face. What can I do for this? I need this to go. !!!!!I have headache, fever, neck stiffness along with nausea and vomiting. Do you think I have meningitis?!!!!!Sir, my mom and i are unsure if i have herpes or a cold sore any suggestions??!!!!!What causes the weight to increase in a 20 year old weighing 62 Kgs and height being 5'6''?!!!!!Are there any good ways to stimulate adrenaline?!!!!!I have a pea sized bump on top of my wrist. It's kinda hard but also soft when i touch it. It moves with my tendon. Midly irritating.!!!!!What to do if I am 17 year old guy.2 days ago I noticed weak erections and now I can't even maintain it?!!!!!I'm on opioids & want off. I am very messed up psychologically from my husband leaving me and I'm depressed. Dr put me on anti dep. Not working.?!!!!!Are monochorionic-diamniotic twins usually healthy at birth?!!!!!I am not obese and I am in good shape. Blood pressure is 120/75 when sitting down and when walking blood pressure is 140/90. I am concerned as to what to do. !!!!!Is the candida retested after treatment?!!!!!I have these painful sores on my stomach, and they hurt so bad. I think they may be boils or ingrown hairs. How do I treat these?!!!!!What is Voriconazole 1% eye drop solution typically used for?!!!!!Does weight loss is natural during breast feedind?!!!!!I have athlete's foot and have tried various measures to get rid of it, with no luck. Is there anything you would suggest?!!!!!L/4, l/5 laminect foot pain 1year later, foot doc say normal, neurologist say s/1 caus, ortho surgeon say MRI good, neurosur say nerv itself Whoright?!!!!!I am suffering from chronic pain and am taking pain medications, may I ask what are the long term side effects?!!!!!I'm having way too many heart palpitations (heart thumps really hard every 2 minutes) I'm only 22 years old. Never had a history of heart problems.!!!!!I got my period twice within 3 weeks, for the second time within 4 months. Why? I haven't been stressed or changed my exercise plan or diet recently..!!!!!Are the headache, sore throat, body aches, chills due to a cold infection or because of the period I am on right now?!!!!!Are negative HIV antibody test, negative PCR test at 4 weeks accurate?!!!!!My 2 year old has dry, irritated upper lip with some redness. I have tried cetaphyl but it stings. Can I use vaseline?!!!!!Had sex 2 days before ovulation and a day after ovulation can I get pregnant?!!!!!Can you tell me if i could get the stomach flu twice?!!!!!I'm about 17 weeks pregnant and get cramps already; is that a scary thing?!!!!!I was diagnosed with aortic aneurysm but my doctor said not to worry much as it was mild a year ago. I was laying down today and I noticed pulsations on the left side of my belly button but no pain. I think it may have grown in size, I am so scared. Should I go to an ER? Do you think I need a surgery?!!!!!My face has been hurting on the lower right side whenever I open my mouth for last 2 weeks. This is frustrating because I have to talk a lot at work. Do I have TMJ? !!!!!I believe I have the Flu and I have been vomiting, green and yellow. I also have a fever. I am 27.?!!!!!What virus causes swelling of the brain?!!!!!What quantity of lortab 10mg equal 15mg oxycodone?!!!!!What is uterine perforation and how is it treated?!!!!!I have a cervical stitch due to a short cervix and was wondering if I would end up with a preterm labor? !!!!!I have three positive first response pregnancy tests with morning sickness two weeks ago but not since then, are the positive tests true positives?!!!!!My doctor asked me if I have burning micturition. I did not understand what exactly he meant, can you help me with that?!!!!!Hello, I have yellowish stains on my teeth and I want to know any home remedies or things to use to bleach my teeth in home?!!!!!I have severe headache. I smoke, drink and I am obese. I am stressed. Am I in risk of getting a stroke?!!!!!I'm a female and have been suffering from right lower quadrant abdominal pain. When should I worry?!!!!!Can having poor dental hygiene and tooth decay result in sensitive teeth and gum disease?!!!!!I am having acne problem from past 8 years. My cycles are regular. The doctor advised me to take pills for acne issues. I want to know, if I start with the pills, would it disturb my cycles? !!!!!How long does acute bronchitis last in kids?!!!!!I just need to know if a low does antidepressant with Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) helps to not get the depression when you go off the Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) for weekends?!!!!!Can oral sex cause pregnancy?!!!!!I am on BC pills yaz and I had unprotected intercourse. Should I take Plan B? !!!!!Hello, I guess I have candida symptoms. Can you please tell me how to diagnose and treat it?!!!!!A recent CT scan with contrast revealed two cysts on pancreas. What does this mean? Previous colon cancer and has esld. Also 6mm mass on liver.!!!!!I have been noticing blood in my stools for the past 3-4 days. How can I tell if I have hemorhoids or colon cancer? !!!!!I have been experiencing headache on both sides, that started gradually and got worse. It gets better on taking rest and when I take ibuprofen, naproxen. It has been disturbing my daily routine and I am not able to concentrate. What could be the cause?!!!!!I have been prescribed onstelazine (trifluoperazine). Does the medication have any side effects?!!!!!Havent had my period sn a year I was using herion and I had gotten myself help now I wondering when will I start my period?!!!!!As a gymnast, my wrist hurts after over exertion. It's been about 3 weeks since working out & still pain in 1 spot. Should I use a brace or other ideas?!!!!!I have a procedure scheduled to check my tubes. HSG something.. Hysterosalpingography maybe. Can you tell me more about the procedure?!!!!!I have sharp pain on the top of head over the region of indentation on my parietal bone. Can you tell me what could be the cause?!!!!!Does delayed period mean I am pregnant? What are early pregnancy symptoms?!!!!!My child is diagnosed with hemophilia? He wants to participate in school marathon and games. Can he participate?!!!!!I'm in the process of losing 30lbs and trying to get pregnant. If I conceive can I stay on weight watchers while I'm pregnant?!!!!!Will you be able to guide me as to which is the best medical school in the country? I am thinking of applying. !!!!!Could a pregnancy cause a very short period lasting 2 days wth very light cramping?!!!!!Can one have comdom tear while having intercourse? If yes, what one should do?!!!!!I have been having recurrent attacks of sinus infections. I do not have a fever but notice headache, heaviness, pressure sensation, congestion, body pain and dry cough. I'm currently on course of antibotics but do not seem to help. Should I continue or stop them?!!!!!I hurt my thumb today while playing sports and I am not able to move it. I'll share a picture of my thumb. Can you tell me if it looks blue, swollen and if I broke my thumb?!!!!!Can you share some suggestions on how to workout and take proper nutrition to lose weight?!!!!!My blood pressure is 144/101 mmhg. I am 28 yrs old and with a history of irregular period. Do you have any advice?!!!!!Is there a way to lose my lower belly fat and see abs?!!!!!I have hemorrhoids that are bleeding & painful. Have done sitz baths, using prep h wipes & cream. Nothing is helping. Please advise?!!!!!My doctor prescribed me Doxycycline for my pimples. How long would it take for it to work?!!!!!Can allergy result in dry cough, stuffy nose, fever and a headache?!!!!!Can being underweight cause heart disease?!!!!!Would leukemia be suspected with elevated WBC for long, a low hematocrit and symptoms like early satiety, fatigue and muscle weakness?!!!!!Is cetirizine available OTC? What side effects can I expect from using it?!!!!!My phone number is 908-405-0112. Would it be possible for you to call me?!!!!!I am pregnant and my ultrasound scan reports show 6.5cm/1.3/27 Hz at the top of my picture. Does my baby have birth defects?!!!!!How can I differentiate between side effects of nuvering and early pregnancy symptoms?!!!!!Can I take insulin for my diabetes?!!!!!Are there blood test or ultra sounds to see if u have globus pharyngeus? Have what feels like a lump in throat directly under chin to the right.!!!!!I have a flu with dry cough and in the morning it's phlem. What cough syrup would be suitable? Also aches and probably a UTI so getting that checked.!!!!!My boyfriend has a cold sore which looks like it is healing because it has started peeling and there is no bleeding or pain. He is using antiviral ointment also. Do you think we can kiss without the risk of him passing on the infection to me?!!!!!I have symptoms of strep throat. Should I go to the doctor? !!!!!Are there any better options for chemotherapy other than velcade?!!!!!Can an STD like chlamydia cause PID even if treated with doxycycline? Does PID always present with symtpoms?!!!!!I think my ears are not producing enough wax, is it some medical conditon?!!!!!I've always had regular period and never missed a period in my life until I started dating a man outside my race and I had no period since last month other than slightly bleeding for 2 days. What does that mean?!!!!!I can see pulsations on the left side of my belly button on laying down. I am not overweight and I don't have belly fat. I am very much worried, what could be the cause?!!!!!How long does bleeding last after mirena (levonorgestrel) removal my af is not till the 16 of april I have always been regular!!!!!Sunscreen lotion for african americans with very extremely sensitive skin?!!!!!Do you ovulate while being on BC pills?!!!!!What happens to a person at the end that has pancreatic cancer?!!!!!Is it safe to soak my earrings in rubbing alcohol (ethyl 70%) everyday before putting them in & putting them in right after?!!!!!Can one expect menopause at the age of 44?!!!!!Can I be hypersensitive to certain type of clothes?!!!!!What are symptoms of endometriosis? Could frequent bleeding every 2 weeks be due to it?!!!!!Can an OTC cotton corn pad actually worsen the callus or is it safe to use?!!!!!Why does my tongue hurt so bad?!!!!!I am in my 40s and think I am going through menopause. I have frequent spottinga few days before and even after my period over the last year or so. My period also lasts for longer than usual. What do you think it is?!!!!!What are some ways to cope if I have not been getting enough rest for 3 days?!!!!!I read somewhere that every fetus is meant to be a female and then develops into a female or male eventually. Can you explain how that happens?!!!!!I have symptoms of chicken pox breathrough which is affecting my body. Could you suggest some treatment? !!!!!Whats the best medication to treat yeast infections that a doctor can prescibe? Excluding diflucan (fluconazole)!!!!!Could chiari malformation cause pituitary problems or diabetes insipidus?!!!!!I have an awful headache, what I should do?!!!!!What are the sympyoms of a pregnancy? I have irregular periods, how do I track my ovulation?!!!!!If you take birth control regularly, miss one does on the only night you've had sex in 1 year (no sex after), then continue to take regularly thereafter, how is it possible to get pregnant with twins?!!!!!Can gargles prevent burning sensation of throat? !!!!!On the top right side of my head, I have this random pulsing feeling? Like someone is tapping their finger on this one small spot. It's not painful.!!!!!I had a spider bite last week and it's still not healing, why it's taking too long? !!!!!How many hours of sleep, does a high school student need? I usually sleep at 11PM but my friend who sleeps at 8PM, mentioned that we need 9 hours of sleep.!!!!!I am 35 weeks preganant. Do I need another ultrasound?!!!!!I have neck pain and arm numbness. Are both related?!!!!!My left shoulder seems to be stiff and painful for sometime now. I'm a diabetic and wanted to know if this could be frozen shoulder?!!!!!What could cause a small, blackish dot at the tip of my gums?!!!!!I have a tender bump on my pubic area, that probably developed after I shaved the area a couple days ago? I will share a picture, can you tell me if it looks like a boil?!!!!!I have sharp stabbing pain in the palm of the hand and wanted to know if Motrin could help with it?!!!!!How common is blood cancer in Americans? I am worried that I might have blood cancer because my grandafther passed away because of blood cancer.!!!!!What are the indications of CPR?!!!!!Are there any conditions in which drinking saline water is recommended?!!!!!How do I find relief from this crawling sensation on my legs?!!!!!I was recently diagnosed with bulged disc in my lower spine and I experience tingling sensation over the back of my thigh, that got worse lately. I understand it could be due to nerve compression/pinched nerve. Should I consider surgery for treatment?!!!!!Does burning micturition always point out to a UTI?!!!!!I am looking for some permanent solution to my problem. I have had 11 sets of ear tubes since childhood (6 yr) and the one I had 3 months back just came out. !!!!!Hello doctor, I have been h.pylori bacteria. Am I at risk of getting cancer?!!!!!What do we do if my bf has been w someone w hpv? We haven't had sex yet. I've had the 3 gardasil shot!!!!!My period has been delayed for 5 months and I'm now worried about pregnancy but do not have any symptoms. I always had an irregular period. Should I go ahead and take a test?!!!!!Can jumping after the intercourse prevent sperms penteration into the egg cell? My husband think it does. !!!!!After septorhinoplasty, (Im almost 4 weeks post op) how do you know if a residual dorsal hump is swelling or otherwise? Does the Dr. Really even know!!!!!What are the known symptoms of spondylolisthesis?!!!!!I have irregular periods and get severe pain when on my period. My doctor has prescribed me with Sprintec. My boyfriend is a little concerned of the long term effects. Will we be able to conceive once I stop it?!!!!!Hello doctor, I was doing gym and injured my leg near the knee. My doctor is suspecting meniscla root tear. Can you please let me know about the symptoms and treatment plan?!!!!!Why do I have black teeth? Should I take antibiotics? Is this an infection?!!!!!I am planning to skip Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) during the weekends, does adding any low dose anti-depressants with Vyvanse, helps to counter any depression? !!!!!Should i be worried about the extreme vaginal air/gas that feels stuck I've been experiencing since my hymen surgery to fix my septate hymen 1 week ago!!!!!Why is it whenever I eat meat I get an upset stomach and a lot of bad gas? Is this an intolerance? Are our bodies really not meant to digest meat?!!!!!What is the best and fastest way to reduce breakthrough bleeding? Im going on my honeymoon in two days . Could I start a new pack ?!!!!!So, I have this itchy dark brown mole on my hip, it's sort of red around the edges, I have no idea what's causing it. Any ideas?!!!!!What foods should be avoided if you have genital herpes?!!!!!I have had a head cold with congestion, I got a Rx of zpak I and took the lad dose today but for the last 4 days my left ear has felt clogged.!!!!!Hello doctor, my grandmother has 3rd degree bed sore. What can be done to help?!!!!!Can you use emla (lidocaine and prilocaine) cream during the tattoo process?!!!!!Heavy clotty period for 2 days then 3 days later I started bleeding again after sex. I have been feeling pressure in abdomen, I also had a fever ?!!!!!I am currently 17 y/o. I have no past history of joint issues. I have started experiencing pain in my joints during rainy or cold season. Is it related to my childhood habit of clicking my joints?!!!!!I am suffering from hypothyroidism and currently taking .125 mg levothyroxine daily. Can I take BCAA supplement along? It's very essential for bodybuilding. !!!!!What are the symptoms of flu? How can I treat at home?!!!!!Lower abdominal cramps before passing stool. Why does this happen?!!!!!Got hymen surgery done for septate hymen a week ago and been experiencing something like gas/air stuck in vagina since then. Is it normal? !!!!!I have diabetic neuropathy that seems to be worse at evening and night. Wanted to know if I should take the 30 mg Cymbalta (Duloxetine)  in the night or morning?!!!!!After having intercourse with my partner, my vagina smells and I have itching and pain. Do I have a STD?!!!!!I am allergic to sun light and tend to get subnurn while working out in the sun. Can suncreen lotions help me? !!!!!I can feel small lymph node in my neck the doctor said its 9m is this normal.Iam itlle worry.But the rest of the lymph node i can't feel them.!!!!!Feels like something is stuck in throat, shoulder and chest feels mildly heavy, upper back ache. No more coughing. What can this be?!!!!!I started taking PPIs (8 weeks) and antibiotics (one week) for treating h.pylori and gastritis. Can I do strenght exercises like pushups and running?!!!!!My girlfriend is giving me a hard time. She throws tantrums literally every time we go out. It is embarassing. What do I do to make her see this?!!!!!I have been suffering from severe dandruff and ketoconazole does not seem to work. Is there anything else I can do?!!!!!My period has lately been quite frequent, literally every 2 weeks. The bleeding has also been quite heavy. What do you think is going on?!!!!!I have something, that seems to be a travelling pocket of gas up and back my back, chest, rib cage. It also causes gripping pain sometimes. Can you tell me what can be the cause and how can it be treated?!!!!!What are some home remedies I can use for scars on my face. I have been struggling with acne for quite some time now. :( !!!!!Eyes feeling dry last couple of days. One eye became mildly red with clear mucus, next day the mucous was yellow with eye irritation. Mucous in throat?!!!!!I feel very overwhelmed at times and watching a fountain helps, do you know of any other inanimate things that can help bring on a calming effect?!!!!!Can I put petrolleum jelly on a rash on my leg?!!!!!I have developed these random red patches on my torso, neck, and back that flare up and disappear every once in a while. They do not itch. Why?!!!!!I pricked myself on a knockout rose bush last friday. The swelling has gone down some, but it still hurts/itches in two spots. Is it infected?!!!!!Is mental illness like bipolar hereditary?!!!!!36 M with clean cardiac echo stress and lipids. No risk factors. Pain in lower back and localized pain in upper left chest for 9 mths. Cardiac? Scared!!!!!What might cause a lot of pain in the fleshy part of my hand below the thumb?!!!!!Is it normal for the area where you got your stitches to be hard?!!!!!After how many hour from drinking an antibiotic can I drink alcohol?!!!!!What are the side effects of the treatment for ADHD?!!!!!Could you help me with the diagnosis? I have low lymphocytes for years on CBC, 2 chest X rays which were done 14 months apart showed mildly enlarged lymphnodes below 2 cms. !!!!!Is the treatment for a secondarily spread cancer same as the primary?!!!!!So can two women have a child of their own?!!!!!Can surgery help cure a herniated disc?!!!!!Do heavy period make you anemic?!!!!!Is it possible to completely cure Type 2 diabetes?!!!!!I am looking for some more clarification about my lab results. My results say that RA IgM levels are 176, CCP levela are normal. Does that mean it is low positive for rheumatoid factor and what is considered as a positive level?!!!!!Hi! I am on Clomiphene citrate 100mg on a 5 days regimen and this is my 3rd day. Any chances of conceiving or twin pregnancy? !!!!!I have some redness in my eyes along with some irritation since last night. It started after I happeend to splash my eyes with chicken juice. I was also wearing contacts. Do you think that my symptoms could be because of that?!!!!!What is the medicine of high blood pressure?!!!!!Hello I am using neutrogena from 15 days ..Acne is not leaving what should I do?!!!!!I got a deep cut on my finger a few hours ago, what can I do to clean it and heal it fast?!!!!!Whether cooking in coconut  oil add  or affect the cholesterol  and triglyceride levels?!!!!!I have lupus,my rheumatologist told me that prednisone doesn't work in my case. Could you educate me why? What are my chances? !!!!!I took 2 pills of claritin and one pill of d 24 yesterday at 2:00 pm and today took one pill of claritin and d 24 at 7:00am today and do you think I overdosed the pill? !!!!!Do you happen to know the cost of this newmedication, roflumilast?!!!!!My friend told me about this bracelet for Aspirin allergy. Does it work the way they say it does?!!!!!Doctor can I know if stress causes muscle twitching in arms and also do excessive caffeine intake be a cause?!!!!!How does qcarbo16 work, I see people using it to pass drug test, well that's not why I brought it, I need to cleanse my body, how does it work, thanks?!!!!!How low can hemoglobin go before you need a transfusion?!!!!!One year old daughter crying for breast feed in night. Eats mild solids well. Not drinking bottle milk . Expects me always around her, else she cries?!!!!!I have a history of high fasting blood sugar and I am not on any medications. I threw up quite a few times yesterday and drank some soda, will that worsen my blood sugar?!!!!!I think I have symptoms of illness of lymphatic system. How can I treat it? !!!!!I have severe gastritis, my doctor incraesed my Nexium dose first from 10mg granules to 20mg Nexium and then to 40 mg Nexium. I am still having heartburn, how long would it take to cast its full effects? Any home remdies? !!!!!Are there any social groups for people dealing with depression?!!!!!Suggest me ways for late discharge during intercourse male age 42 yrs?!!!!!I have just had loop excision of the cervix. What should I expect from the histology report?!!!!!Can white noise be disruptive to my deep sleep?!!!!!What are some causes of achondroplasia?!!!!!Have neck/back issues for months & had muscle cramps in calves. Stressed. Have (anxiety) BP is somewhat healthy. Yesterday felt tingly in both hands & shaky. In 20s .. Now it's off & on . Any ideas?!!!!!I seem to develop a rash or hives everytime I eat meat like port or beef. My mother had similar issues too and was asked to avoid eating certain foods. Can this be meat allergy?!!!!!My apple watch shows that I have an irregular heart beat and I'm worried about an arrythmia. I do have palpitations on and off. Should I get an EKG?!!!!!I have had paragard 14 months, 12 days late should I wait to see if I mss my next cycle?!!!!!Does huntington's disease comes under congenital disease? !!!!!I am experiencing some spotting when my period was supposed to have started. Is this normal and can it mean I am pregnant?!!!!!How long can I continue to use steroid nasal spray for post nasal drip?!!!!!Hey. I got tested for hsv 2 70 days after protected intercourse my hsv2 IgG level was 2.16. Could you tell me after how many days of intercourse, we should get this test done? !!!!!What are some conditions that can cause abnormal levels of T3 but normal levels of T4 and TSH? Can pregnancy also cause it?!!!!!Why don't you use a non rebreather on a pt that is hyperventilating due to anxiety?!!!!!How soon can I go to work after an arthroscopic knee surgery? Also, how long does the swelling last? Mine seems to be swelling more and more everyday. :(!!!!!From past 2-3 weeks, I have been having abdominal pain that are waking me up along with nausea, dizziness on standing and inability to finih my meals. What it could be? !!!!!Is it normal to have a gush of clear vaginal discharge on standing? I am on Depo shot aand I have not been sexually active.!!!!!My USG showed that I have inflammation in my stomach. I am given Omeprazole to help. I took 2 doses of medication. How lonng will the medication take to  be effective? !!!!!How many tylenol (acetaminophen) 3's are equal to  a percocet?!!!!!Symptoms of breakthrough chickenpox occur on the body, treatment?!!!!!How is metastatic liver cancer diagnosed? What is the gold standard test?!!!!!Can a cancerous lesion on the scalp present with symptoms such as a fluid filled sac occurring over many months with some discharge?!!!!!I just realized I ingested some shreds of plastic film with my food. Would it harm my baby? I am due for my 3 month appointment tomorrow. Should I ask the doctor?!!!!!I have a small penis. How to increase it in size?!!!!!What does Minadex and 7seas contain? Do I need a prescription to get them?!!!!!Severe gastroparesis throw up everyday. Mostly liquid diet. How do I ensure I'm getting theb right nutrients to be as healthy as possible?!!!!!I am on daily multi-vitamin supplements, but my seborrheic dermatitis and candidiasis have worsened. Can I try using a steroid ointment?!!!!!I underwent an ultrasound scan pelvis recently, that didn't show ovaries. I was told to come back after 2 weeks for a repeat scan. I have been trying to conceive and I didn't undergo any surgery till date. Does the absence of ovaries mean I won't be able to have children?!!!!!My ECHO report shows Aortic Regurgitation. How is this treated? I already have an appointment on Friday.!!!!!I have sustained injury to the knees. Is there anything I can do to help with the pain?!!!!!I am not able to sleep, I feel like I have congested nose. I have alraedy taken Tylenol (acetaminophen) cold multisymptom nightime  along with melatonin but still no effect. Any advise? !!!!!I have a family history of recurrent kidney stones. Can you tell me what long-term options are available for treatment? !!!!!What can cause random blackouts / seizures?!!!!!Is alcohol rich in calories and does it increase body fat?!!!!!Is it possible to get pregnant if one has undergone salpingectomy a few years back? Do you known about any natural methods?!!!!!I have tremors and chest pain. But I am not feeling anxious. Do you think that is normal?!!!!!Hello doctor, I had intercourse and it is very painful and there is no bleeding. It is my first time. Is it normal?!!!!!How do I tell the difference between an allergy and a sinus infection?!!!!!I broke my thumb in an accident while lifting heavy boxes this morning. My doctor put a cast on it but I am worried about blood clot formation because it looks blue at the tip of my thumb. What are the chances of amputation if it doesn't heal?!!!!!I have a fever and severe headache after I got the H1N1 flu shot. Will a Paracetamol help with the fever?!!!!!How hyphema is generally treated?!!!!!Can depo shot result in increased vaginal discharge?!!!!!How often does one need to change Nuvaring?!!!!!Can birth control pills protect against AIDS?!!!!!What are the symptoms of a partial tear of PCL?!!!!!Hi, 3.71 x 4.35cm mixed echogenic mass in fundal part of uterus implies what pls?!!!!!Is it normal. For your your gums to swell when your on your period?!!!!!Lately, I have been sneezing a lot. Not sure if it is just allergy or something major. What do you think?!!!!!How long does it take for my vitamin d levels to get back to normal (about 70-80)? mine is 29 and I am taking 2000 ius/day and trying to get sun in FL!!!!!Is a heart rate of 100 concerning? Also are medications like Metoprolol safe to take to bring down the heart rate?!!!!!I tend to eat a lot and now developed love handles. Any idea how much it costs for butt implants?!!!!!How to live if you hate your life and your too afraid to die?!!!!!Is pain in the leg a sign of a blood clot?!!!!!What is the difference between pulmonary edema and pulmonary embolism?!!!!!Can hypothyroidism cause the limbs to feel cold or numb sometimes? Or is this something more serious, like an autoimmune disorder? !!!!!My eyesight is bad in one eye its -0.5 and in other -0.75 how to improve my eye to the normal eyesight without specs ?!!!!!Where can I find a good natural gout treatment?!!!!!I sustained an injury in the shoulder, with labral tear and subluxation. What are some treatment options to repair it?!!!!!Hello doctor, may I ask when can pregnancy symptoms be seen after one is pregnant?!!!!!What are considered the safest prescription pills for high blood pressure/hypertension?!!!!!What is the cure for restless legs?!!!!!If I have an astigmatism , could that be causing daily headaches? I do not wear glasses but i work on a p.C. All day and a lot of bright lighting.!!!!!My son has been complaining of abdominal pain and runny stools for the past 2 weeks. This seems to occur whenever he eats and I also think he stomach ache. He has a history of diabetes.!!!!!My girlfriend has aids and we had unprotected sex because she said that the birth control protected me, true?!!!!!What can I do to treat my pimples by tomorrow without products?!!!!!What are the uses of Clarithromycin?!!!!!Does a thyroid level in the TSH 4.1 to 5.2 range indicate hypothyroidism? Is very dry skin and increase in acne also a symptom?!!!!!How prevalent is low testosterone for men ages 30-50?!!!!!Are all breast masses cancerous?!!!!!I feel like depression and anxiety are ruining my life, need some advice?!!!!!Does using meth for a long term lead to weight loss in terms of muscle and fat?!!!!!What does calcification in thyroid nodules mean?!!!!!Does biking cause weight loss in a particular area?!!!!!What could cause low back pain in a 40 year female?!!!!!I have been using silicone gel sheets for my acne but heard they are not very safe. What would you recommend I do? Are there any creams I can use?!!!!!Could you tell me, how long does a jammed joint in your foot  takes to heal up? !!!!!Can you suggest a multivitamin supplement brand that can help control my seborrheic dermatitis and candidiasis?!!!!!How much taller will a girl grow after she starts her period?!!!!!I have been experiencing nausea, sickness, fever and mucus in stools for the past 2 weeks. Can I take antibiotics to see if that helps?!!!!!What at home remedies can help with pain due to a bunion? !!!!!My boyfriends penis turned black and blue under the head of it last night after sex. There is swelling but no pain. It looks like blood blisters?!!!!!I had arrythmia, is it something that will leave over a period of time?!!!!!Can surgery help cure liver failure and its complications?!!!!!How many years of smoking can cause lung cancer?!!!!!I had an injury to the knee and I may have torn the meniscus. It has been hurting while walking and wanted to know some symtpoms of meniscus injury? !!!!!Apart from huntington disease,  what other diseases are known as congenital ones? !!!!!Need help docs! My friend ate some raw chicken on accident so he could get worms or parasites?!!!!!I used many courses of antibiotics for helocobacter bacteria. There is no improvement in my symptoms. Can you advise what can be done next?!!!!!How soon does depo start working to prevent pregnancy? I got a shot on the 2nd of my period and had sex 5 days later. !!!!!Could you tell me what are melanocytic lesions?!!!!!Can cyclical vomiting syndrome cause miscarriages?!!!!!Hello docs, is atherectomy better than stent procedure?!!!!!What's a good way to address back pain?!!!!!Can lump in breast recur? My mother underwent a surgery few years back for removal of a cancerous lump from the breast.!!!!!Will a woman definitelty get HPV if she has sex with an infected partner? Does the Gardisil Shot prevent it?!!!!!Can you tell me how frostbite is caused and what are the symptoms that one has it?!!!!!Does dermonu work for acne scars?!!!!!I need your opinion about my condition. Here is a brief history- I went in for a scan of my back and the result says... Mild unconvertebral joint hypertrophy; C5-C6 eccentric to right; mild thoracis spine scoliosis; bilateral pare defect at L4; formaninal stenosis at L4 and L5. Do you think surgery is the only option to deal with this?!!!!!How to tell if one has a "turtle neck?!!!!!My pelvis/lower abdomen pain 2 months after a c-section. Feels like cramps?!!!!!Why do I get this feeling that there is something crawling on my legs?!!!!!If a person has chronic hyperventilation syndrome and takes a pft and methacholine challenge test would the results be affected? Mine showed asthma.!!!!!Do GMO's help to in the management of Type 1 Diabetes?!!!!!For the last 6 months, I've noticed symptoms like body aches, stuffy nose, headaches, pressure sensation in the face, throat tightness and feels dry. Can a cold last this long or should I be looking for something else?!!!!!What are the treatment options for intestinal blockage? Are there any home remedies?!!!!!I have itchy and dry discolored patches on the penis and testicles. Doctor thinks it is fungal infection (tinea) and prescribed with CeraVe’s Salicylic Acid Cleanser. Will it work?!!!!!Is it normal to have white clumpy discharge in pregnancy? I had some bumps, some unsuual odor and itching last week which is better now. !!!!!Can vitamin-based skincare products help my SPF work better?!!!!!Does third degree burn need hospitalization?!!!!!Are monochorionic-diamniotic twins healthy at the time of birth?!!!!!Can I take Plan B when I am on antibiotics for my sinus infection? Am I safe? !!!!!When I was 20 years, I smoked half a packet of cigarettes and I quit. Will my lungs be healthy and may I know what is the longterm damage and should  b concerned?!!!!!My back hurts on my right side?!!!!!Could my sinus allergies make it hard to breathe?!!!!!Hi im 18 and I would like to know what I would use or take to get taller?!!!!!Can ibs calm down at night then kick in in the day?!!!!!What are some ways doctors would suggest to stop preterm labor?!!!!!What are the signs of Strep infection in a 7 y/o?!!!!!What are some home remedies for superficial burns?!!!!!Does herpes cause sores and swelling of the vaginal area? !!!!!What OTC  medications cause low potassium?!!!!!I just found out that it is a compression fracture that is causing the pain. Is there anything I can do to ease off the pain?!!!!!How can a pregnant woman on bedrest avoid atrophy and blood clots?!!!!!I'm having genital herpes outbreak, usuallly I take acyclovior. But pharm told me it might affect my ulcer. Any home remedies I can do to dry this up?!!!!!!I've been coughing and sneezing a lot, but why is my chest hurting so bad?!!!!!Would washing Nuva ring in hot water interfere with its effectiveness?!!!!!Do anal skin tags usually outgrow as one ages?!!!!!What is the best way to treat a fractured ulna and radius? Is surgery the only option?!!!!!Had protected sex nov 21 and got period on dec 13 could I be pregnant?!!!!!What exactly is the treatment for frostbite?!!!!!I have an yeast infection and doctor prescribed metronidazole cream and it is not helping. Should I see a doctor for oral medications as well? !!!!!I'm taking anxiety and depression medicine to avoid panic attacks mainly & avoid er. Can i take more than 0.5 if i feel panic and 0.5 mg doesn't work?!!!!!Hello doctor, I want to know what is humor therapy  and if it is useful or no? !!!!!Me & my fiancé are experiencing a red burning itchy scaling rash. Me on my butt & in the lining of the cheeks. Him on his inner thighs & stomach?!!!!!We have been trying to conceive for a few months now. This time, I did not exoperience cramps during my expected fertile days. Does that mean I did not ovulate this month?!!!!!How to manage symptoms from hypoglycemia?!!!!!Why do I get recurrent gingivitis?!!!!!My 92 year old friend is on xeralto 15mg a blood thinner, she is also dealing with knee and ankle arthritis. Can arnica gel interfere with her medication?  !!!!!What tests should one undergo if one is diagnosed with stage 5 nsclc? How often we should get them done to check its progress/regression? My dad has it. !!!!!Doctor I  have been exposed to extreme heat and I have redness, soreness, pain and blister formation. Is it a sun burn? Do I need to go to the doctor?!!!!!Is there a possibility of acquiring HIV through fingering? I was wondering because I was fingered by a guy for the first time after he was touching his penis which had precum.!!!!!Effect of healthy food and junk foods, and what are those nutritious food,? . And impact of junk food, thank u!!!!!What to do if I have problems regarding my fistulectomy?!!!!!I having a flexible sigmoidoscopy and I have fleet ready to use when do I use it before going in to hospital ?!!!!!Painful rash on right buttock spreading. Causing lymph soreness on groin and overall soreness on right side and leg.!!!!!What are some exercises and changes to lifestyle that I can do? I'm not sure but the doctor has advised me "activity modification". What does it mean?!!!!!When is the right time to take aspirin to prevent heart attacks?!!!!!Can doctors tell me what does your heart rate need to get up to when you exercise?!!!!!What is causing me to constantly fear death? Would any tests be needed?!!!!!I have moderate to severe right abdomen pain with cramp like pain on side while passing stools. I got tested recently and awaiting reports but the pain is disturbing my daily routine. I have constipation as well. Any tips for relief in the meanwhile?!!!!!Eyebrows.  Are  thinning?!!!!!How soon after im off the Depo-Provera provera (medroxyprogesterone) shot can I get pregnant?!!!!!What are some common side effects that are expected with velcade chemotherapy?!!!!!What's your opinion on gm diet?!!!!!I'm 20 yrs old and have been noticing sharp pain on the upper left side of the chest, going through the ribs and upper back on left side. I also notice clicking sound that comes and goes when heart beats. !!!!!Was recently diagnosed with crohn's, thinking about switching to a vegetarian lifestyle. Is it possible since raw veg/salad are a already a problem?!!!!!Should teens use the diet plans on tv?!!!!!I sustained a head injury last month in an accident. The test reports came back normal but I noticed mild drooping of angle of my mouth on one side last week, that seem to have got worsened a little. It could just be my anxiety but I am worried. Does the drooping of mouth occur quickly or progressively and slowly?!!!!!What is best material for bleaching teeth?!!!!!Had a cyst on my bottom. MRSA. Doc gave me doxycycline for 10 days. Cyst drained & doesn't hurt. Finished meds. Is it out of my system? Do I go back?!!!!!I have stabbing eye pain after sleep and that's weird. I get good amount of sleep and no issues there. What could be the cause?!!!!!I have a red and scaly rash on my buttocks and in the lining of the cheeks. It is quite itchy and gives burning sensation. My fiance has a similar rash on his stomach and thighs. What can this be?!!!!!Is there any cure for Polycystic kidney, in fact is any treatment needed?!!!!!What is the expected recovery time after an oral surgery? When can I get on with a normal life and normal diet?!!!!!How to loose bellyfat? please provide specifics, i..e type of exercise, duration of exercise, etc.!!!!!I've had a bump in my groin area for about a year, recently  a burning sensation. And in last two days it turned red and the bump Bigger and more pain?!!!!!How does iron deficiency anemia present in a blood picture?!!!!!My ccp ab IgG levels are 221 in January and now they are 50 after taking prednisone. I am going to see a docto a month later in May. I want to know what are the treatment options, how safe they are and what are the side effects? !!!!!What do you suggest if my husband has been prescribed metoprolol to reduce his heartrate, which was running over 100 bpm.?!!!!!I had unprotected sex just over 2 weeks ago. Had light cramps and sore breasts with darkening areola which has never happened. Got light period. Preg?!!!!!My sister got salpingectomy done last week. Can she have an intercourse now?!!!!!How does physical therapy help chronic back pain? What do they do?!!!!!Why one have lower abdominal cramps before passing stools? !!!!!Are a low ejection fraction, gastric reflux and a diet of lean meats, fruits and veggies related in some way?!!!!!Does Minoxidil help with beard growth? !!!!!What are the chances of getting pregant from precum?!!!!!Is there any way to get rid of the pain that can happen happen after a hernia repair causing adhesions in the abdomen?!!!!!My baby toe is burning red and swollen,  what can I do.  Thanks?!!!!!How much time or how far do I have to bike ride to lose weight?!!!!!My fasting sugar was 136 or 7.5.  This is high.  So,  is this the reason I get vomitish every morning? Thanks!!!!!I can only go between 1-4 hours without using the bathroom. Is there any way I can get it to hold more, what to do?!!!!!How does getting an injection of penicillin 2400000 help?!!!!!Can prograf increase the chances of cancer spread? My husband takes prograf? !!!!!Can one breastfead while being on prednisone? My Momma is asking. !!!!!I am diabetic and overall my blood sugar levels have been in control except the one after eating. Do you have any tips on how I can keep that more in control?!!!!!Side effect of prolixin (fluphenazine)?!!!!!What are normal levels of ANA in a healthy person?!!!!!I heard banana when mixed with milk may cause weight gain or just taking plain banana also increased weight. I want to know what is true?!!!!!I have dry skin and acne, my TSH value in thyroid panel is between 4.1 to 5.2, I think I have hypothyroidism. What are my treatment options? !!!!!May I know, can 18 year old take thermogenics? !!!!!Are these burning cramps normal during early pregnancy? I just found out I am pregnant (don't know how far along yet) and am experiencing some painful cramping. I keep trying to tell myself that it's just my uterus growing, but I wanted to ask on here to!!!!!Was writing and my fingers got all weird like Charlie horse and tendons tight. What should I do?!!!!!Can I get asthma becasuse of chronic hyperventilation syndrome?!!!!!I have a twitching feeling and ocasional pain that comes and goes in the upper right abdomen right below my right breast what could this be? Few weeks!!!!!Diabetic macular edema can be cure with acupuncture?!!!!!When shall I expect my first period after getting off birth control?!!!!!Can lung cancer with metastases to heart result in loss of consciosuness and delirium?!!!!!Do exercises such as dead lifts strain the lumbar spine?!!!!!I had blood drawn, 1hr later I lifted weights and I noticed a small bump fill with blood where I got poked at, is this normal? Hel asap Docs!!!!!Is it normal to lose weight during breastfeeding?!!!!!I have frequent urination for the past 2 days, how can I treat it?!!!!!My 5 month old has MRSA and eczema and she has boils on her skin. Her doctor has given her the medicines but I wanted to know which soap can I use for her? Any recommendations?!!!!!What are the common causes of not able to sleep well, having random thoughts, feeling discouraged in college going age groups?!!!!!Is it normal to have clear vaginal discharge in early pregnancy?!!!!!How to help find relief from low back pain due to metastatic cancer?!!!!!I have sharp pain on the right side of chest towards the bottom of rib cage. I am so scared of cardiac issues and I am worried it could be a heart attack. Am I going to get one?!!!!!Can we have sex if I am bleeding?!!!!!I have a warm & irritated uretha and clitoris lately I have to urine a lot. I think I have a UTI or a yeast infection. Can you cure your own UTI?!!!!!I was eating cereal when  a hard piece cut my gum just where my wisdom tooth is erupting. Would that have any harmful effects?!!!!!Which medicines are usually prescribed to treat anxiety?!!!!!What is the treatment of AML and APL?!!!!!I am on rogaine monoxidil for a month. Does it cause body pain, pain in kidney area and I have been on it for a month?!!!!!Can cosmetic surgery help reduce cellulite?!!!!!Okay, so 1st, this has never happened before. But after doing it with my husband today, I've had some bleeding, ithcing and an urgency to pee! Is it a UTI?!!!!!Got high level of hb & doctor advised me to repeat the fbc test in april2014 again.Now i got 17.6% hemoglobin level wht food u recommend, names plz?!!!!!Hello doctor I am on Vyvanse and Concerta. Is it possible for seven panel urine drug test to distinguish between both?!!!!!Hello doctor, can I know the symptoms of maxillary sinus carcinoma. !!!!!My period is 4 days late and all I am experiencing now is cramps and some tingling. Can this be because of HPV?!!!!!I was diagnosed with lung cancer and I have been on therapy. My oxygen saturation levels have been around 90% and I am worried if this is ever going to improve. Should I ask my doctor if therapy needs to be changed?!!!!!My toenails are a yellow tone and has turned into a bump on my nail I was wondering what I could do. I think it may be a fungal nail possibly. ?!!!!!What antibiotic prescribed for infected cyst?!!!!!Have a bump on right side lip of my vagina stings and itches so bad when I sit down it stings more I didn't have sex in year what can it b?!!!!!I have these small bumps on my tongue, what are they? Developed after I accidentally drank very hot soup!!!!!What are the possible side effects of Magnesium side effects?!!!!!Would there be symptoms if vertebrae in neck collapsed?!!!!!I was curious how far along i'd be if the ultrasound said 6.5 cm/1.3/27 Hz at the top of my picture. ?!!!!!What is the treatment at the genetic level as we both are carriers and our first child has Hb e beta thalassemia and now are trying for a second baby?!!!!!I have diabetes mellitus type 2 and dealing with this condition symptoms from some time. How can I control the symptoms apart from medication? !!!!!Is it normal to have a low sex drive after having three c sections?!!!!!My father has liver cirrhosis, how can he prevent it from turning into a full blown liver failure?!!!!!Can stress cause Tinnitus in a 35 year old? Also, can controlling stress cause the Tinnitus to subside?!!!!!What are some of the risk factors for getting High blood pressure?!!!!!Why am I having collapsed lung after heart surgery?!!!!!What does it mean when a blood picture results is rbcs show hypochromia, microcytosis and anisocytosis!!!!!What can be done about a sore throat asap?!!!!!Is twitching of eyelid and mild spasm concerning? Can excessive use of the laptop cause this?!!!!!If your baby has already dropped does it automaticly mean your close to having the baby?!!!!!What can I use to improve my muscle strength?!!!!!Is it safe to take fish oil and lisinopril together?!!!!!What is Celiac disease?!!!!!15 million  sperm can be a father?!!!!!I've had some persistent foul smell and bleeding post banding for hemorrhoids. What do you think could be causing it?!!!!!My OBGYN said I am 8 weeks pregnant after an ultrasound scan was done but according to my period date and cycles, I should be 9 weeks pregnant with a different due date. Can you tell me how accurate is this calculation based on the baby's measurements on scan?!!!!!What does inflammation in legs mean?!!!!!Thank you for your response. I am not able to sleep at all. I am 15 weeks pregnant, I have taken many things but they are not helping. Could you suggest me something?!!!!!How early can an abortion occur?!!!!!Feeling naseous a week before my period and on bc normal?!!!!!How much Aspirin can I take for my headache without causing any side effects?!!!!!Very short lasting but acute chest pains for a few weeks now, with no past history of chest/cardiac disease could indicate something serious?!!!!!I am experiencing  headache (better by: rest, nsaids (ibuprofen, naproxen, etc.)) (time frame: gradual onset) (side: left, right) (occurred: < 1 hr...!!!!!My niece is 3 and we noticed small bruises all over her body last week. Her doctor said she could have blood clotting disorder. Is there any treatment for it? Also, can you help us with any remedies for the bruises in the meanwhile?!!!!!How can one manage pain without having to depend on pain meds?!!!!!I had water in my ear so I used ear drops for swimmers ear. Now I can't hear and the drops are stuck in my ear.!!!!!I am planning to be on braces for cosmetic reasons. How long should I be on it?!!!!!I have sharp pain in my groin since yesterday which started after playing soccer. Can this be a pulled muscle or something serious? I was also recently treated for an STI.!!!!!I wear a nightly mouthguard currently, but i was wondering if any damage from bruxism is reversible over time (does enamel heal)?!!!!!I can see spirits and I get upset easily. I was diagnosed with depression and I am taking medications regularly. Does it last for the rest of my life?!!!!!Which antibiotic is best for an ear infection? I have an old course of Doxycycline. Would it work?!!!!!My grandfather has mixed connective tissue disease, I really love him a lot.. Is this a life threateing condition?If yes, what is the average life expectance of patients with mixed connective disease?!!!!!My mums warfarin INR level has been fluctuating at an alarming level lately for no apparent reason?!!!!!What is the treatment for increased HR?!!!!!My big toe is red and swollen. Can it be gout?!!!!!Do we call both 7 and 8 months baby as premature?!!!!!What would a hard, fixed, midline bump in the head that's been there for a few weeks mean?!!!!!Can you jump/dive into a pool when you're 9weeks pregnant?!!!!!I had cervical dysplasia, that subsided but it is back again according to my recent pap smear reports. I am very worried about it and I don't want to deal with this anymore. Should I consider biopsy and surgical approach with removal of uterus and cervix?!!!!!What r the main symptom of acute HIV?!!!!!I have a brain cyst of 3cm size in my left frontal lobe and I got pregnant recently. I am worried if brain cyst affects my pregnancy and my baby in any way. Can you help me understand this more? !!!!!I often feel these odd shudders in my stomache. My stomach kind of shakes. It freaks me out. What could it be?!!!!!How good is an ultrasound in detecting ivh in my child?!!!!!I lifted heavy weights 2 days ago. I have been expeirencing severe lower back ache ever since. I believe I may have strained my lower back muscles but I am worried it may have caused disc bulge in my lower spine. What could be the chances?!!!!!When do you apply sunscreen: before or after skin care?!!!!!Is there something wrong if your cum or discharge comes out brown?!!!!!Why does it hurt when I shave my face? Can I do something else for it besides shaving in the direction of the hair growth?!!!!!What are the causes of neuropathy?!!!!!Could you apprise me of any condition with similar symptoms to diabetes mellitus type 2?!!!!!I have mosquito bites all over my body from head to toe. I am itching all over. The bites are swollen and combined with other bites. What can I do?!!!!!I have raised bumps on the inner vaginal lips that seem to be painful. What could it be?!!!!!Is it possible to ovulate one day after period stop?!!!!!Can someone die from an enlarged heart on xray?!!!!!Is Cvid and Parkinson's genetically transmitted?!!!!!How many hours do you have to walk to see weight loss? How long will it take before i see noticeable weight loss?!!!!!Is there any disease or disorder that can present with symptoms of both hypothyroidism and idiopathic juvenile arthritis? Are both these conditions related to each other?!!!!!Can preeclampsia have a direct effect on my baby? I ask because I have abdominal pain and am worried if it is affecting my baby. I also have some nausea.!!!!!What would cause T3 (liothyronine) levels to be abnormal,  but tsh/t4 are normal? I'm not pregnant.!!!!!How to permanently cure angiofibromas. I have tried laser, and it hasn't helped much.!!!!!Can antibiotics for UTI (bactrim) treat my cough and congestion?!!!!!My last period was December 13th while I had protected sex on November 21st. Does that rule out a pregnancy?!!!!!I picked up a small facial scale. Do I need to worry?!!!!!Is Diclofenac safe to use for a longer period?!!!!!I think I have OCD that gets triggered when I see my girlfriend. How can I treat this?!!!!!I wanted to ask do doctor's put patient under general aneasthesia even for dental surgery? My 5 year old is in due for that. !!!!!I have iron deficiency anemia and was told that could be causing restless leg syndrome. Is that true?!!!!!I contracted STD and now I am prescribed 500mg of Azithromycin and I cannot swallow them. Can I crush them and take them with food?!!!!!Has there been any reaserach that proves the usefulness of herb kalawalla (polypodium leucotamos) in autoimmune disorders?!!!!!What is the normal size of liver that is measured on an ultrasound?!!!!!I didn't know I was allergic to peanut and I ate peanut butter yesterday. Can you tell me a few measures for relief?!!!!!My OBGYN said I am 30 weeks pregnant and my due date changed by 3 days according to my recent ultrasound scan. How can I calculate my due date exactly?!!!!!Okay so i'm on bc and I have had sex (it hurts) i'm bleeding brown and my vagina hurts almost itchy but it hurts?!!!!!Is it possible for a person to survive metastatic liver cancer?!!!!!Recently had bacterial vaginosis and a yeast infection. Still think I have bv- treated with metronidazole + fluconazole, discharge white. Thoughts?!!!!!How would an MRI look for an embolic stroke?!!!!!What causes these blister things under your tongue?!!!!!My normal time for ejaculation is far less than the normal average time. I think, I have pemature ejaculation issues. What can I do, to correct it? !!!!!I am 92 years old and on xeralto 15mg and suferring from knee and ankle arthritis, I have tried arnica gel for pain but it's not helping. Should I go to the doctor? !!!!!Is there a shot available i can take annually that will reduce my reaction to poison ivy? I asked my doc.'s nurse and she said she never heard of such a thing.!!!!!I om on birth control pills Yaz and from my current pack, I missed 11 pills and had unprotected sexual intercourse. What are the chances that I can get pregnant and if I am pregnant, will I miss my period? Please help.!!!!!If a woman had a miscarriage in a previous pregnancy, will she have one again the second time around?!!!!!How will cyclogest help me?!!!!!Does doing long standing work or exercises cause circulation problems of thigh? I work in the testing lab, where we stand for long time.!!!!!I had a surgery on my right scaphoid and it's been ok till now. It's hurting so bad I want to break down and idk what to take because Advil (ibuprofen) isn't working and the doctor office is closed what do I do?!!!!!I have been vomiting around 3-4 episodes daily, diarrhea, fever, stomach pain, nause and chills. May I know what the cause is?!!!!!I have a black scar in my eye that I can see when I look at something that is a light color. Its been there for 2 months. Will it go away on its own?!!!!!Hello doctor may I know the chances of one getting green eyes? Is it rare?!!!!!My brother stopped anti psychotic medications about a week back. He wants to know how long it would take for the side effects to go away. He has always had some muscle tenseness owing to the medication but it seems to linger. !!!!!Unfortunately I picked up a small scale on my face. Can this hurt my skin??!!!!!What do I need to know before planning a pregnancy with a history of diabetes?!!!!!The doctor has prescribed cefdinir for my 2 year old, who has positive strep along with red throat and fever from past 3 days. His siblings are having same symptoms, should I give cefdinir to them also? !!!!!I took a plan B after our condom go teared while having intercourse. I am safe? !!!!!The cause of my first pregnancy miscarriage seemed to b a bleed sac above my baby at 6 1/2 weeks. Is there anything I can do to prevent this next time.!!!!!I am having surgery on my inner right ankle for a 1.4cm mass thats between bone and nerve the nerve might be connected. How big will the incision be. ?!!!!!My baby is diagnosed with measels after having fluid filled bumps all over body, fever and redness. May I ash how long do measles take to get better?!!!!!How to improve sexual energy.?!!!!!Is banana fattening? Some people say combining banana with milk makes you gain weight. Some say banana in itself cause fat. What is true??!!!!!My nephew is 10 yrs old and he has been felling dizy for some time mainly while standing and he has been drinking plenty of water which her pediatrician has mentioned. I read online that POTS could be the cause of diziness, do you think it could be the cause of him feeling dizzy? He has EDS also if there is any relation of his symptoms with it.!!!!!I am scheduled for tummy tucks (witch hazel) this week and I am scared of its complications. I am aware that any surgery causes pain for a few days but should I be worried about chances of infection, thrombosis, etc. as well?!!!!!I have external small hard darkish lump on my sternum, dead centre, 1 inch above nipple level. Not painful. Should I be concerned?!!!!!How are the batteries selected that are put into pacemakers?!!!!!What would it mean if I keep spotting instead of a proper flow when my period is due?!!!!!What does it mean if your cum looks brown? Is it concerning?!!!!!What are some helpful tips to get pregnant?!!!!!Symptoms of ectopic but negative test.? Like dizziness, lower right abdominal pain, shoulder pain. I'm think ectopic coz I only feel this all after sex!!!!!I am having pus in my stools ocassionally, should I be worried? Is it a problem? !!!!!Symmetrical legs & feet; numb, weak & tingly. Painful to walk @rest, both feet throb til they both go "numb". Is this due to my chronic back pain?!!!!!Can i get systematic effects from long term use of cortizone (hydrocortisone) 10 otc?!!!!!I got injured over left ankle last week. I had severe pain over left ankle and got tested. The Xray showed hairline fracture and my doctor put me on cast. How long would it take for it to heal?!!!!!I underwent an open heart surgery last month. I used to work out for an hour before the surgery as a part of my routine. Can I resume my workouts now?!!!!!I have a purple vein in the left side of my penis.It reaches the foreskin before disappearing.It just appeared yesterday.What should I do ?!!!!!Is low testosterone common for men between 30-50 years of age?!!!!!I am 17 years old and have issues with maintaining a erection. My girlfriend asked me to see a doctor. I only masturbate. Should I see one? !!!!!Why does my arm always fall asleep? Like to the point where i can't move it at all!!!!!I cleaned my room and started sneezing. What can I take for it?!!!!!I have inflamed breast tissues along with enlarged lymph nodes. Do I have cancer? No lumps on self examination. !!!!!What is the size of liver in people who have a fatty liver?!!!!!I have my asthma flared up recently, I am currently on 2 mg abuterol and singulair (montelukast), could you prescribe me any OTC medication for some relief? !!!!!Severe migraine for a week and pain deep in ears too. What causes the deep ear pain within migraines?!!!!!Hi, I'm 21 and I have white bumps all over my body I want to know if its keratosis pilaris? And what can I do to get rid of it? My sibling has it to!!!!!Hello doctor I am on birth control pills and I had unprotected sex. Can I take Plan B along with birth control pills?!!!!!Does washing the hair once in 9 days instead of 7 days cause it to fall out when one is on Isotretinoin?!!!!!What could be the cause of a painless lump on the forearm without any noticeable injuries and no change in size? I am here asking about my father who is 40 yrs old. !!!!!I was advised to be on braces by my orthodontist when I consulted him for jaw pain. He said my teeth were not aligned properly, that caused strain on jaw while chewing food. I don't want to be on braces. I always thought braces are used only for cosmetic reasons, isn't that true?!!!!!How do antacids work?!!!!!I have a patch of peeling/blistering of skin on the sole of my foot. I am not sure how and why I got it. Can you tell me what is it and how to get rid of it?!!!!!I have TMJ and it has become worse in last 1 week with severe pain of jaw on right side, especially on opening mouth and on clenching. It has been very difficult to talk. I have my doctor's appointment scheduled for tomorrow. What can I do for relief in the meanwhile?!!!!!My PFT and methacholine challenge test showed I have asthma. Could chronic hyperventilation syndrome have affected the results?!!!!!Does l5-s1 slight bulging disc require complete bed rest for life?!!!!!Are there any long terms effects of quitting smoking on the digestive system?!!!!!I have a cold sore which appeared yesterday. I usually use acylovir orally for it but this time I need some quick fix because I have my prom in 3 days and I want it to go away without leaving any scar. Can you help me with some remedies to make it go away at the earliest?!!!!!What are the treatment modalities available for a fibroadenoma?!!!!!What is the average life span of a person after a diagnosis of cancer?!!!!!I have been noticing blood in stools for some time now, with hard stools and need to strain while passing stools. My diet seems to be healthy and I do eat fruits and vegetables. What can I do to help with this?!!!!!Is there a difference between inositol pills and powder?!!!!!Can you please share some remedies for premature greying of hair?!!!!!My cousin is a 14 year old boy. He is 4inch in penile length. My question is ..... is he small for his age?!!!!!What are the right tests to take to determine and rule out systemic candida? Specifics please. Thankyou.!!!!!After having sex once I don't feel like doing it with her again why is that so ?!!!!!Hello doctor, can I know if the antibiotics used for UTI will cause yeast infections?!!!!!Is amoxicillin the drug of choice in UTI?!!!!!I was diagnosed with mitral stenosis a couple of months ago and I am worried a lot. What are the changes, that occur in heart due to mitral stenosis?!!!!!I slipped and fell on the desk. My head got hurt and I now have a bruise over that area. Should I get it checked out?!!!!!You might think I'm a bit paranoid but could you please help me with the five most common emergency surgeries in american teen girls?!!!!!Why is it every time I eat my upper stomach above my belly button is always bloated and full?? Then eventually I will release gas and it stinks mostly!!!!!How many hours does it take for anesthetic medications to get out of your system?!!!!!Do nocturnal emissions occur in men with erectile dysfunction?!!!!!What is a?Multi cystic pancreas?!!!!!How soon should one get tested for Candida after completing treatment?!!!!!Will it harm to do strenghth exercises like pushups and running while on medications for gastritis and H. Pylori? I am on PPIs (8 weeks) and antibiotics (one week).!!!!!Breathing exercises are not helping with my anxiety. Should I go to the ER?!!!!!Does anyone know what to do with a child around the age of 13 who suffers from serious anxiety?!!!!!What can I do to naturally abort a baby? I live in the philippines and abortion is illegal here. Any vitamins that can probably drop the baby? Help me!!!!!How is your basal metabolic rate impacted by your basal energy expenditure?!!!!!When after a sinus infection clears up will brain fog go away?!!!!!I have been prescribed ssri (fluvoxamine) for my anxiety but I am still not seeing any improvement. How much time should I wait before I consult my doctor again?!!!!!Hey! If I stay in the shower a long time my nose starts dripping and running like crazy. I also can begin sneezing time after time. Any idea? Thanks!!!!!!!I have been taking my birthcontrol Amethia for 3 months but wednesday I took it two hours larer then I would usually. Can I still ingage in sex?!!!!!Can Accutane/isotroin cause fetal abnormalities?!!!!!I have PCOS for a few years now and have excess facial hair. Waxed my facial hair yesterday but it seems to be painful. What are other alternatives?!!!!!Could you help me? I start having dripping nose if I stand in a shower for long time, I also have sneezing time after time. Do you have any idea? !!!!!My 24 year old daughter thinks she may be developing schizophrnia. A couple months ago she started feeling tired all the time and stopped socializing?!!!!!I was recently given a shot by my doctor's nurse. Now I am having posion ivy? Are they related? !!!!!How to manage atheroscheloris?!!!!!I am having troubles and confusing moments with my body and I am scared I may be pregnant by my research online and I really want some advice ?!!!!!My sister says she has a gas buildup causing gripping pain sometimes, that travels up and down her back, chest, rib cage for last 1 week. Her diet is very unhealthy and she doesn't drink water. She has scoliosis. Do you think both are related?!!!!!Is heel fracture very common, how does one get it and what are the treatmnet options available?!!!!!My husband is on a diet but he keeps going off of it by eating fatty foods. He also seems to have a fatty liver on ultrasound. Can you suggest some ways to help him stick to his diet?!!!!!Whenever I eat, I feel tightness in my throat and I get chain spasms and chest pain. I never had acid reflux but I have motility disorder but not sure if it could be the cause of this discomfort. !!!!!What are the causes of decreased libido?!!!!!I saw my doctor and he mentioned that my common bile duct is slightly dilated. All other organs look healthy, I wonder what could be the cause of that?!!!!!What is the chances of our second child getting B thalassemia when we both are carriers?!!!!!What all tests are needed if one suspects a clotting disorder? Would some simple lab tests be able to tell?!!!!!Can I give some Aspirin to my kid for his headache?!!!!!I was diagnosed w/ Chlamydia on 9/29/2015. Treated the same day. Tested on 11/16/2015, came back positive. I haven't had sex since the 1st test. How?!!!!!A doctor prescribed voren supp 12.5mg for my 3-year-old boy for fever. Isnt voren used for post-op inflammatn?!!!!!I stopped using accutane/isotroin in november. Is it safe to have a baby now?!!!!!What is the use of a DHT blocker?!!!!!How long does it take for herpes to break out?!!!!!How does one decide if one needs braces or not? Should everyone just get them?!!!!!I have a septorhinoplasty scheduled for tomorrow. I am very scared of surgeries and I am very much worried about my appearance after the surgery. How serious can the complications be?!!!!!I'm starting to think I have a fracture of the talar dome. Any advice?!!!!!My 6mo old niece has a pink round spot on each thigh in the same place. My sister is worried it's ring worm. It doesn't bother the baby any. Thoughts?!!!!!My 16 year old daughter is having left abdominal pain no fever and no burning with urination and just got off her period 2 days ago?!!!!!There is a sore on my lip that hurts really bad. It appeared 3 days ago after I performed oral sex to a guy I met recently. I am worried that it is a cold sore. I can share a picture also, do you think it could be  cold sore?!!!!!Is excessive sweating and weakness a symptom of adrenal gland tumor?  !!!!!I have tooth decay and I am planning to get dental sealants. I want a second opinion before getting it done. Is this a good option? !!!!!I just started my period 2day & just started gettin a real bad headache, sore throat, body aches & chills. Could it be from my period r a cold?!!!!!Which nerve carries the sensation of taste and smell?!!!!!What are some preventive measures for glaucoma?!!!!!I have really bad dandruff and ketaconazole shampoo did not work. What do I do?!!!!!Will the dentist take many moulds of the teeth before I actually get the braces? I hate getting moulds done...!!!!!I am a healthy 20 year old man. I eat healthy and work out regularly. Do I need to be taking some additional vitamin or mineral supplements even if I seem to be eating healthy?!!!!!I've never been pregnant so its hard for me to distinguish signs and symptoms so could clear/whitish discharge be an early sign...Not itching or burning?!!!!!Does switching to a vegetarian diet cause any problems in people having Chrons? !!!!!Is Aloe vera beneficial for acne?!!!!!I am scared that I might be nightblind as I cannot see in dark when everyone else can see. Do you think increasing intake of Vitamin A or carrots may help me?!!!!!My son has a hemorrhoid and he is getting thin stool and slight diarrhea is that from the hemorrhoid?!!!!!What is liver failure and how is it treated?!!!!!I am having chest pain and I am worried that it could be PE. Last year, I was diagnosed with DVT, that's why I am scared that it could be PE. Please help!!!!!!I want to take gh for increase in height. I heart that it can be used for height growth since 2003 even if there is no deficiency. Is this correct?!!!!!I underwent elective hysterectomy and removal of tubes and ovaries last year after having 2 kids. I notice that my vagina gets dry often causing pain, irritation. Is it a complication of the surgery?!!!!!How long would a person with cancer live?!!!!!What OTC medications help to relieve symptoms of sinusitis?!!!!!Had liver failure, drs cannot pinpoint source; developed ascites.  How can I improve my liver and kidney function naturally? No meds.!!!!!What is the fastest and healthy way to gain weight?!!!!!What are the symptoms that differentiate between allergy and a sinus infection?!!!!!My 3 yr old daughter has a rash with white middle spots on some parts of the body, for 10 days now and is more on the chest and abdomen but does not have any itching. What could they be?!!!!!Hello doctor I have issues with vaginal PH but is better now? My doctor said me it may be because of STD's or yeast infections. May I ask what are the common causes of PH changes as I have been tested  negative for both STD's and yeast infections. !!!!!Hello doctor, I am of 18 years age and I had unprotected sex. Can I take Plan B? Do I need a prescription?!!!!!I have been noticing loss of memory, difficulty thinking, confusion, difficulty coordinating, lack of focus and some compulsive behavior. Can this be from Hungtinton's disease?!!!!!Do nipples start itching, in fact do you experience generalised body itching during pregnancy?!!!!!Are there instances of a person getting infected with the flu after taking the vaccine for the flu?!!!!!Was treated for chlamydia with doxycyline at 2 months after possible exposure, could I have asymptomatic PID and not know it from the infection?!!!!!Can pulmonary edema recur? Is there anything I can do to prevent that from happening? Even if it does occur, how can I treat it?!!!!!What are some helpful measures to lose 30lbs in a month?!!!!!My knee is swollen and bruised, the pain gets aggravated on beding the knee.  It has been happening from past 1 month, I also got bit by insect and now having fever. Is that related? !!!!!Both arms numb no chest pain just a lil dizzy. And a little heart burn I have gastritis and back arthritis.!!!!!Is there any way to stop my period for a little while without a prescription?!!!!!I am sixteen and half year old and my height is 5 feet 7 inches. How long will I continue to grow taller?!!!!!Can the ulcers also give stomach cramps and diarrhea like stomach flu?!!!!!I used Monistat 1 to treat yeast infection and have vaginal odor and now can I use safeguard soap to help with smell?!!!!!What other options do I have for ED apart from Cialis?!!!!!Is labor close once the baby drops?!!!!!I met with a car accident recently. I have numbness of leg and foot with knee pain. Is it serious?!!!!!Is laughing gas used for recovery post General anesthesia? I know that a mask is placed over the mouth and a shot is given to wear off the effect. !!!!!Could shakiness and nausea be from a low blood sugar like 75 mg/dl? I ate a cookie 3 hours ago.!!!!!My bf ejaculated on my belly, will I get pregnant?!!!!!I spilled hot water on my arm and I have redness, pain, blisters? How can I know which degree burn is it?!!!!!I am on mononessa pills. Can I replace it with a generic brand?!!!!!Can't healthy eating be inculcated at a later age, say adulthood or should ir be started at a young age?!!!!!What does a blood clot in the leg present as. Should I be taking some aspirin already if I have leg pain?!!!!!May I know, how long does it take to heal from tubal ligation reversal? !!!!!I have a question. Can genital herpes result in cold sores?!!!!!Can sinus infections cause pressure and tightness in the face?!!!!!How can I prevent having a miscarriage due to bleeding above the baby at 6 and a half weeks, like it happened last time I was pregnant?!!!!!Can fooling around with my boyfriend with clothes on make me pregnant? I noticed precum on his jeans near my vaginal region.!!!!!Hydrotherapy is known to have many healings, could you educate? !!!!!Can I use Hydroderm for itching in the genital area?!!!!!What are the common side effects of Penicillin 500 mg?!!!!!Do diuretics take away your appetite and make you feel unsteady when you walk or stand up?!!!!!I have sharp pain in left ankle for last 3 days. I got hurt while playing a few days ago but there was no bleeding. What should I do for relief?!!!!!My friend ate raw and uncooked chicken last night. Would he get worms and parasitic infections in his stomach now?!!!!!Please tell me what can they do about acne holes on face?!!!!!I am a known case of endometrosis, my Pap test revelaed endocervical component. Do I have HPV? !!!!!My stomach feels tight on the left lower side and laying down on one sdie takes my breathe away. What could be wrong?!!!!!I am bleeding for the past 3 weeks. When can I start with my next pack of BC pills?!!!!!Usually deep breathing helps in improving the breathing, what else we can do to make breathing better? !!!!!I am 5 weeks pregnant and has brown spotting and my gynecologist said it it implantation bleeding. Doctor said it is normal. Should I be worried?!!!!!My heart-rate while in bed is 58-60bpm, when changing positions, it increases then goes back to 60, is this a normal reaction?!!!!!What should we do if my husband vomitted blood? He has been having stomach aches this past week and vomitted blood for the first time tonight.!!!!!Can a menstrual blood clot travel to your heart or lungs like other blood clots can?!!!!!Does Hodgkins Lymphoma cause double vision?!!!!!I have numbness and tingling all over my body and I am a known diabetic. Is having numbness and tingling a common side effect seen with diabetes. !!!!!My sister's 7 year old daughter is having deep breathing after every 1 minute along with high grade fever and chills. Should we go to the doctor, to ascertain what's wrong with her? !!!!!Can overuse of NSAIDS result in headache?!!!!!Can epididymitis be caused because of a varicocelectomy and inguinal hernia?!!!!!I have discomfort in the middle of chest under my breast bone. My diet has been a little off lately. What do you think could be the cause?!!!!!What to do if I have a archwire that is not connected to one bracket of the damon braces?!!!!!I am feeling pain all over my stomach, what should I do?!!!!!My mom has a fever. We are not able to decide if it needs a check up.!!!!!I got stomach flu twice, what can I do to prevent it from happening again? !!!!!I was prescribed Doxycycline for 10 days for MRSA cyst. The cyst darined and it no longer hurts. Does it mean that the infection is cleared?!!!!!I've been struggling with constipation for almost a month now, can you help with a treatment plan for the same? It is quite bothersome, honestly ;(!!!!!My recent blood test INR 1.12 APTT ratio 1.16 Beta-2 Microglobulin 1.50mg/L are they ok?!!!!!Is there a medication to control my anger?!!!!!Why do I keep getting these ingrown hair infections? Can you please explain the mechanism behind it?!!!!!I have endometriosis and just had a miscarriage now the pain seems to be back stronger than before is this because of miscarriage?!!!!!Can you share some home remedies for treating acne?!!!!!I have PCOS and I am trying to conceive. My doctor has advised clomid. Just wanted to know when I should have sexual intercourse to incraese my chances of getting pregnant if I took Clomid from day 5-9 and I have a 33 days cycle.!!!!!I noticed a prominent purple vein on my penis. Is this normal?!!!!!How long after taking methadone, a urine drug test comes out positive?!!!!!Can you describe how cataract is surgically treated?!!!!!I had sex with my boyfriend 2 weeks back, we used protection. The last time I had sex before that was 7 months ago. I am late by 6 days. Should I worry?!!!!!What treatment options are avaiable for a yound teen suffering from severe anxiety?!!!!!My 7 year old girl USG showed swollen kidney air around Kidneys and a possible bloackage. Can a kidney tumor and stomach cancer be seen on the USG?!!!!!I injured my head during a fight, the doctor stitched it up and gave me antibiotics. But I now have a headache. Can it be a concussion?!!!!! I am diagnosed with IBS and do you know any medications which may help ease bloating and burping?!!!!!What are the causes of infertility? Me and my wife are trying to have a baby since the past few months. !!!!!How to manage back pain chronic back pain?!!!!!Panic attack after smoking weed. Is this normal?!!!!!What is the treatment of absent seizures in an 8 month old baby?!!!!!I am worried about colonoscopy, is it going to be very uncomfortable? I know about the preparation before the procedure and I plan not to eat after my dinner a night before. Is there anything else I need to know about the procedure?!!!!!My friend has a BMI of about 45. Would the gastric sleeve surgery work better for him or the Roux-en-Y surgery?!!!!!Wdoes mecca root pikls make ur buttocks grow bigger and if yes why did i loose inches of my hips n butt when i started taking the pills?!!!!!I have a mass in between my ribs, I am worried it could be cancer. If it is, will it show up on a CBC?!!!!!Can you guys tell me how advanced does lung/bronchial cancer have to be?!!!!!My husband's sperm volume is low. What can he do to improve it?!!!!!I have lots of dry gangrene on right foot, lost 4 toes , but it doesn't go past the mid-foot. Why would they amputate to knee? Why not just that part?!!!!!I am a 20 year old male and I went to ENT for recurrent episodes of cold and he mentioned that my adenoids are swollen. Will the regess on their own and is it normal to have enlarhged adenoids?!!!!!My husband has been experiencing stomaches for the last week and vomitted blood for the first time tonight. Should I take him to the ER?!!!!!Flu like symptoms for about 3weeks. Now symptoms are gone. Have been having coughing fits now for 1week chest is really hurting. What to do?!!!!!Can you help me with a diet plan?!!!!!Screaky voice. How can I get a more masculine voice?!!!!!Is there any good bleach/ lightening cream that you would suggest for effective reuslts?!!!!!Should a patient of cardiac disease engage in a strenuous workout?!!!!!How much do tummy tucks (witch hazel) usually hurt?!!!!!How is Strep throat diagnosed? Do I need to see a doctor for it?!!!!!Could the symptoms of caffeine overdose will remain more than 2 month, even if we already stop the intake of caffeine?!!!!!When can I give my babies the chicken& meat  they are now 8 months?!!!!!My doctor advise me some medication for my growling stoamch and excessive flatulence, he said it's due to stomach flu. Am I free of it now? !!!!!How long do symptoms of common cold last? !!!!!What helps with rashes on the groin that causes lymph node soreness? !!!!!Will my 4th will also be a C-section if my previous 3 have been cesareans? !!!!!I am experiencing penile skin swelling today after masturbating multiple times today.Can you guide me if too much masturbation is healthy or would have any harmful effects?!!!!!What is ayurvedic, or homeopathic medicine for chronic rhinitis?!!!!!My sister just recovered from an eye infection where she had crusting and a lot of pain. Can she use eye makeup?!!!!!Hello doctor I had sex on 14th  june with ex and 18th with husband. My usg showed due date as Mrch 23rd. How can I know who is the father?!!!!!Why I have abdominal obesity with fatty thighs and upper limd muscle atrophy?!!!!!I got a positive ovulation test today and we had unrpotected sexual intercourse yesterday, I wanted to know if that would help in conception and when will I conceive?!!!!!My sister was diagnosed with severe hypothyroidism and is on medication. For the past one week, she has had weakness in arms, dry skin on the feet and pain in the feet. Is this something to be worried about?!!!!!I've been having these weird symptoms recently. Every time something bad happens and I am scared or frightened, it's like all my blood drains to my feet and my toes start hurting real bad! What's happening?!!!!!When should someone think about having an arthroscopy of the knee?!!!!!Can oral sex interfere with cervical cerclage surgery?!!!!!I am almost a month pregnant and I started spitting. It started out pink now it's like a reddish color is that normal?!!!!!I am experiencing symptoms like light cramps, dark areola, sore breats and had light period. Important pasrt is I indulged in unprotected sex over 2 weeks back. Does this mean I am pregnant?!!!!!What can be the cause for a sudden bruise on chin with no history of any injury?!!!!!I am 18 years old healthy male and I am not sexually active. For the past few days, I have noticed that I get sharp pain when I start/ initiate passing urine and the pain subsides once I start peeing. I get similar pain after ejaculation also. Do you know what it could be?!!!!!Can high blood pressure and diabetes result in increased frequency of urination?!!!!!I am 24 years and breastfeeding my 9 months daughter Can I make mammogramas as last result 2 years ago was fibro cysts in left breast Should I worry?!!!!!What is the definition or description of: Lyme disease vaccine?!!!!!What are the causes of abdominal fluid retention?!!!!!Doctor I stopped my brith control pills recently. How long after stopping them, can I get pregnant? !!!!!Is it possible for a seven panel urine drug screen to distinguish between Vyvanse (lisdexamfetamine) and concerta?!!!!!What are some things that can be tried for a third degree burn?!!!!!Is there any association between celiac's disease and PCOS?!!!!!My 2 yr old daughter is regressing in speech. She had a seizure in dec. She has behavior problems (don't listen, acts out, mean, and ignores) why?!!!!!I'm taking prednisone for erythema multiforme and combined it with Nabumetone. A sunburn like rash has formed on my chest and arms. Please advice.?!!!!!Previous medical issues: anxiety, stress, backache, neck pain, muscle cramps for months. Normal blood pressure. Is it normal to have some tingling in the hands?!!!!!What exactly is the fastest way to burn off belly fat?!!!!!What does it mean if I have only a partial tear of my pcl?!!!!!I had unprotected sex during my fertile window 2 weeks back and have been trying to conceive for 8 months now. My period is now delayed for 5 days. When should I take a test?!!!!!I take Omeprazole for excessive burping and pain in the esophagus. Do you have any suggestions to help apart from taking the medication?!!!!!Is it safe to take a probiotic while breastfeeding?!!!!!I took Plan B on Feb 11th after unprotected sex and today night I have unprotected sex again and condom broke. Want to know if Plan B is effective and should I take another?!!!!!Been on antibiotics 4 5wks top high tooth dentist cld not get needle 2 freeze 2 extract in gum really hurt she said its the tissues hve 2 go bk? Plz!!!!!Is there a way I can talk to someone about the subscription I just purchased for your service?!!!!!Can stress cause recurrent headaches, neck pains, cold sweats?!!!!!Me and my wife are trying to have a second baby since the past 8 months now. Can you help me?!!!!!Does all cancer clearing surgery remove lymph nodes? Can you enlighten me with some relevant sources? !!!!!I have osteoarthritis, naproxen 1/2 (500mg) twice a day 4 joint pain, pain getting stronger have an appt. on 2/12/16 with rheumatologist ¿what to do?!!!!!Is there any food that affects semen ejaculation volume?!!!!!I've had swollen throat with white spots no fever no pain.  For five days. Facial pain and now diarreaha. Do you think this  is strep throat?!!!!!What kind of diseases or isorders could cause both symptoms of hypothyroidism and juvenile idiopathic arthritis? Or is one a complication of the other!!!!!I have abnormal levels of T3 and normal levels of TSH/T4. What are my treatment options if I am currently pregnant?!!!!!I have been having decreased sex drive and I think it has been affecting my relationship with my partner. Any suggestions?!!!!!Have had hard cysts on my scalp for quite very long now. They grew from 1 to about 8 to 9 now. Out of which 3 have grown a little large. They are painless but is uncomfortable while brushing my hair. Although that is not my main concern. Have been treated!!!!!Could allergies cause swollen lymph nodes and tonsils? I am also having lot of drainage. !!!!!I have swollen lips, can I have zyrtec(cetrizine)? Would it help? !!!!!It's only three it doesn't hurt I might of thought I had touch something it's kind of pink I'm not sure it's freaking me out?!!!!!Can ear popping be due to an infection?!!!!!When can one not get a laser eye surgery done?!!!!!I am having loss of taste. I had already used nasal sprays, Claritin and even mucinex (guaifenesin) but still no help. Could you suggest me any more measures? !!!!!Hello doctor, I have nausea, vomiting, bloating and acid reflux. Symptoms started after I ate spicy food. Can I take TUMS for my symptoms? !!!!!I have got three neagtive pregnancy tests. Do you get bleeding in pregnancy?!!!!!What can I do about adrenal gland tumour and what are the symptoms?!!!!!My nose is exceptionally dry, could it be causing the nose bleeds?!!!!!I missed my period and my OBGYN did an ultrasound scan. I was going through the scan reports and I was wondering how far along I would be if it said 6.5cm/1.3/27 Hz at the top of my picture. Can you explain?!!!!!I have mild abdominal pain and headache for last 2 days. I have an important meeting at work today and I need this to subside quick. Can you suggest a few home remedies for relief?!!!!!Hello doctor, I had unprotected intercourse an hour back. When can I take plan B and what are the side effects?!!!!!Will I still have baby after heart attack?!!!!!I'm a gymnast and my wrist started hurting after over exertion. Has been 3 weeks since working out and still notice the pain in one spot. Would using a brace be helpful or is there anything else i should try?!!!!!My husband has chronic itching w/ no rashes/hives.He has seen an allergist, dermatologist, acupuncturist, and therapist. Bloodwrk negative any ideas?!!!!!Could you please advise me? Last year my vitamin D levels were 29, I was on vitamin D supplement 2000 ius/day and was taking good amount of sunlight. 3 months back, I checked my levels, which were well within normal range of 70-80. I am again having symptoms of fatigue. Should I get my levels checked again?!!!!!May I know, for which conditions Cymbalta (Duloxetine) and Gabapentin is prescribed? !!!!!What are the reasons some people use digital pregnancy tests, and some use non digital? Besides the obvious, what's different about them!!!!!Hi doctor I tested hsv2 IgG 2.16 Elisa after 70 days of my protected encounter only vaginal. I discuss two doctor n they say Ur fine Pls clear, no symp?!!!!!Is hives a common side effect of Minocin? Not sure if this redness is something I should be concerned about?!!!!!My partner has been diagnosed with a psychotic disorder and prescribed on stelazine for it but has been noticing various side effects since he began using it. Can he stop the medication?!!!!!Are there any home remedies for demodex folliculorum infestation or will I need to see a local doctor?!!!!!I have been experiencing big toe pain for last 2 weeks but my knee and wrist hurt as well now. My uric acid is 465.2umol/L according to my test reports. No similar pain anytime in the past. I have been taking voltaren (diclofenac), that gives relief for a while but the pain comes back. What could be the possible cause of my symptoms?!!!!!I am diagnosed with hydrocele and advised surgery. I am scared and want to know the side effects if the repair is not done.!!!!!Is it possible to have herpes and only have outbreaks in the anal canal and underneath the tongue but not on the mouth or vagina?!!!!!Is it possible to drink antidepressants for the whole life and to be in good health?!!!!!Is there any particular cause for swelling of lymph nodes with echo gene center?!!!!!How long after a aneurysm surgery do you have to stay off work?!!!!!What the different types of contact lens?!!!!!Hello doctor I have cough and cold? I have congestion and I am allergic to pollen and exposed to pollen yesterday. Can I take Claritin to help ease symptoms?!!!!!Can chronic gastritis lead to other conditions such as gastroparesis, obstructions, stomach cancer, etc?!!!!!How is mixed connective tissue disease diagnosed? What are some complications of this disease that may affect the life expectancy of such patients?!!!!!Occasionally a blood vessel in my lower leg ruptures & it stings, a lump forms that is very painful to the touch & appearance of a bruise.?!!!!!I have sore throat, cough and white spots along with fever. Do I have a STD? !!!!!Excessive hair growth for a female? How much is too much?!!!!!I had red colored tissue like thing in my stool. What could it be?!!!!!I'm having bad headaches with cold sweats neck pain and nausae and pain behind the eyes!!!!!Is it safe to have oral sex after cervical cerclage surgery?!!!!!I take one calcium pill and iron pill daily. I have constipation now. What can I do to help?!!!!!My grandmother has 2 massive strokes. What can be done?!!!!!I have been noticing left ankle pain for a couple of weeks now but do not recollect any injuries. What could be causing the pain?!!!!!Do I need a surgery for bone avulsion?!!!!!I am pregnant and have had headaches constantly. I went to the doctor and she said my BP is high. Today, I experienced a lot of tiredness and fainted as well. Is this something very concerning?!!!!!What should I do for prematurely grey hair?!!!!!I developed a mild sunburn 2 days back and was wondering if I could apply sunscreen over it? When can i go back into the sun?!!!!!Could you apprise me about the symptoms of strep throat? !!!!!Any best multivitamin brand which is good for seborrheic dermatitis and candida overgrowth??!!!!!I need ACL reconstructive surgery. What is the recovery process like? How much time should I take off?!!!!!When should I take my 7 month old son to the ER after he hit his head on the concrete floor?!!!!!My scalp is very itchy and im loosing a lot of hair each day. My skin is oily type. Gp prescribed me diprosalic for scalp aplication. What can cause it?!!!!!I've never had hormonal acne until I started tilia fe b.C 4months ago. It's supposed to treat acne. Should I give it time or switch b.Cs?!!!!!Itopride hydrocloride is this a helpgul medication?!!!!!What are the usual signs of labor?!!!!!What level of electric shock can prove fatal for the human body?!!!!!My period was very heavy with blood clots, that lasted for 2 days. After 3 days, I noticed bleeding after intercourse. I have been experiencing pressure in abdomen and fever ever since. I never had anything like this in the past. What could be the cause?!!!!!How long does the pain for a root extraction last?!!!!!I have been under a lot of stress lately and noticrd chest tightness and breathing difficulty sometimes. Does that sound like a panic attack?!!!!!I have an itchy rash all over the face and chest after I ate shellfish. I do have some allergies but  never experienced this before. Will this spread all over my body? What can I do?!!!!!My doctor says operation on herniated disc corrects symptoms like numbness and scrapping feeling? Is he right? !!!!!Smoked half a pack year when I was 20 and quit. Will my lungs ever be healthy, also what long term damage if any should I be concerned about?!!!!!What effects can I expect from velcade (bortezomib) chemotherapy?!!!!!How can I help treat my eye and get better vision?!!!!!Are simple allergies associated with breathing issues too?!!!!!Does age increase the severity of eds symptoms/problems?!!!!!How do humans get salmonella infection?!!!!!Is blood cancer curable? What treatment options are available?!!!!!I had unprotected period a week before period. 3 days later I had spotting for 2 days and now I want to if I am pregnant ad there is no period for usual 7 days. !!!!!I am almost 36 weeks pregnant, do I need another Ultrasound?!!!!!What can I do to sleep better?!!!!!What options for treatment do I have, if I recently found out, I had a meniscal tear?!!!!!My ccp ab IgG came back at 221, sed in january 15 to now at 50. I was then put on prednisone until I see the RA may 6th. What my safest treatment?!!!!!Do you have any suggestions for how I can communicate with my family and sort out some disputes?!!!!!I started noticing stomach pain around the belly button, feeling gassy, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea for some time now. I aslo feel like I lost a few pounds. I was diagnosed with amoebiasis and was wondering how long it would take to cure?!!!!!Can my family issues cause panic attacks?!!!!!Can vinegar help drain the sinus? I've been eating balsamic vinegar dressing with my salads and I feel them draining is that normal??!!!!!Can I get allergies from my roommate's dog? How can I be sure?!!!!!Are any other tests needed to diagnose rheumatoid arthritis besides RA IgM factor and CCP levels?!!!!!Does using a foam roller build muscle or relax muscle? What impact does it make?!!!!!What are some ways to help acheive desired weight control?!!!!!Is there a range for normal body temperature?!!!!!Had sex using condom and withdrawal 1 week after start of last period. Not on bc. Now having lower stomach pressure period due in one week. Pregnant?!!!!!Can you please tell me what exactly a heart murmur is?!!!!!What should I do if I have counted 25 canker sores in my mouth, which are extremely painful, can you help me find out how to lessen the pain?!!!!!At times it stings/strikes me inside my head? Is it cause of sleep or cold or something else?!!!!!My mom is diabetic. She was recently advised to take Mecobalamin. I am not sure how it will help her. Any ideas?!!!!!Which is better a partial hystorectomy or uterine ablation?!!!!!I have a lot of fat on my tummy, so I was wondering what  abdominal exercises targeting the tummy would be helpful. !!!!!Ways to get bilirubin down like blue lights,  etc?!!!!!Which is better for children to boost their immunity after illness 7seas tablets or minadex multivitamin syrup?!!!!!Is it normal for a childs scab to turn really dark after swimming in a pool. Is it safe to go swimming again?!!!!!When do puberty changes in men begin? I'm annoyed with my short height, short size of my penis and feminine voice. :(!!!!!What is the cause of occasional rupture of a blood vessel in the lower leg leading to bruising, formation of a lump that is painful to the touch?!!!!!I feel hatred towards my girlfriend when I see her and can think of abusive words, which I consciously replace with good ones. Is this a symptom of an OCD?!!!!!Hi This will be my 4th ceceran. I'm 3wks and 6 days. This morning when I urinated there was a small amount of blood on the tissue. No blood today.!!!!!I just got off an airplane and my ears seem to be clogged and cannot hear well on that side. Can this lead to hearing loss?!!!!!I have a black dot that looks like a mole on the inside of my outer vagina lips. I've noticed a while ago but now all of a sudden it's raised?!!!!!How can I help with pink eye at home?!!!!!Hello doctor, I have tooth decay and loose tooth along with pain. My dentist advised me to get it removed. I am getting tooth removed on next Monday. Will they give me anaesthesia? Is there any side effect?!!!!!How can I get my eye to get better?!!!!!I recently lost my job and the love of my life. The RN who saw me yesterday said I have high blood pressure. Will I be diagnosed with depression?!!!!!Can one get rid of type 2 diabetes with excercise and a good diet?!!!!!My son was in the ER last night for a reaction to his Adderall after they give him Xanax (alprazolam) about 1130 last night he is seen things?!!!!!I was wearing contacts when the chicken juice splashed into my eyes last night. I quickly splashed my eyes with water and took off the lens. I was wondering if the contact lens can be used again or do I have to discard them?!!!!!I have lung cancer and my oxygen saturation test showed 92% but it was 96% a couple of months ago. Does lung cancer affect oxygen levels?!!!!!What's the safe daily amount of alcohol/beer for a male?!!!!!I see spirits and I get depressed about it. I also get upset easily without reason and this is affecting my daily routine and career. What can I do to find some relief?!!!!!I got a cold sore yesterday after working out at the gym. Have you heard of something like this before?!!!!!What can lower my immune system causing cold sores?!!!!!I'm a female age 29. Have pain by my belly button on and off. More recently have problem having a bum but only when pain is present. Possible hernia?!!!!!Is it possible to be suffering allergic reactions from my roommate if she has a dog? How to find out?!!!!!How many mg. Of potassium do I need daily from a regular diet to be healthy?!!!!!I'm 25 weeks pregnant and wanted to know if it is safe to eat pineapple during pregnancy?!!!!!Had larpcoli for gallbladder last Tuesday. Came out relatively fine but recently relapsed into severe nausea and vomiting along with high blood pressure.!!!!!Scalp psoriasis.What is treatment?!!!!!Do tattoo artists provide a local anesthetic cream like emla?!!!!!My father takes Ambien and Zoloft. Can there be any side effects of taking these two medications together?!!!!!I have pain on the entire left side of the body along with pain in the neck and around the heart. What could it be?!!!!!My mother has been diagnsoed with chronic gastritis. What is the risk of her developing complications like cancer, stomach ulcer or obstruction?!!!!!I was a drug addict, but now undergoing treatment. My issue is that I haven't got a period in almost a year. Could it be due to the drugs?!!!!!I have anxiety with constant symptoms every day for last 2 years. I have been on medications but nothing helps. Do you think the dose or medication needs to be changed? Is there anything, that I can do apart from medications for relief?!!!!!Why people with runny nose tend to have cracked lips?!!!!!What to do if I have hypertension, depression of lost love, completely broke. what to do?!!!!!How are baby and adult cartilage different?!!!!!Today morning, I had an appointment with the doctor. After that, I saw the nurse for a shot. As I got up, her box of tools fell all over me. She sent me home saying all is okay. But I am worried about an infection. Should I schedule another appointment for any blood tests?!!!!!How do I know if it's a simple bug bite or a spider bite?!!!!!Could brushing your teeth too hard cause fatal oral diseases?!!!!!Is there any dose of birth control that can be considered dangerous?!!!!!Could you tell me why my husband has been sweating and vomiting after injecting 30 units of lantis insulin? What should I do?!!!!!Do I need treatment for a small ovary?!!!!!My chest hurts with deep breathing and sometimes feel out of breath. I have a high heart rate that shows on my apple watch and sometimes have palpitations and sweating. Could this be anxiety or heart attack? Should I go to the ER?!!!!!What are the general patterns of hair loss?!!!!!What is the treatment for a cholesterol level of 354 along with class 3 obesity?!!!!!Is ultrasound scan an accurate test to diagnose IVH in my child?!!!!!Does a pointy tooth need to be reduced at the dentist's clinic or one can let it be?!!!!!How to have your vaginal discharge smell nice?!!!!!I never had any pain before/during my period. The other day I started having pain in the pelvic area. At night it's so excruciating I can barely move.!!!!!I ate a chocolate ice cream a few hours ago and I am feeling like throwing up with stomach pain. I think I am getting down with food poisoning but not sure if I can symptoms of food poisoning within 3 hrs of eating. Can you please tell me if that is possible?!!!!!I would like help with my toddler. How do you cure a yeast infection?!!!!!Is there any medication for gastritis for a 10 year old child?!!!!!Can a cut on the lip turn white after a few days, it doesn't hurt anymore, is just there !!!!!Does the sleep pattern of a teen resemble that of an adult?!!!!!Regarding my last question. Everytime i take oxycodone, i become very sensitive to sound. A person talking is too loud. Even no migraine. Known se?!!!!!I noticed some redness in my eye today, could it be the start of a pink eye?!!!!!What is Fluphenazine used for?!!!!!I have been experiencing severe lower abdomen pain for last couple of hours. I was diagnosed with enlarged uterus, bicornuate uterus and ovarian cyst. Should I go to an ER or wait until tomorrow to consult my doctor? I am very worried and not sure if this is serious enough to go to an ER. Please help. !!!!!1 day missed period and vaginal area is dry, why?!!!!!I suspect my daughter has jaundice, how can we bring down her bilirubin levels?!!!!!Could you explain to me the use of Inositol?!!!!!Can pregnancy happen with sex 2 days before and one day after ovulation?!!!!!What can cause weakness and tightness in the tendons  of the hand? Should I see a doctor?!!!!!I have growth hormone deficiency. Can you please let me know about the common symptoms an treatment plan with growth hormone deficiency?!!!!!My stool has pus in it, the doctor thought it to be problematic. I am advised colonoscopy. Is that procedure painful? !!!!!My 3 year old has a high grade fever for 2 days now, what should I do?!!!!!My friend sprained his ankle 2 weeks ago and now complaining of pain and numbness. Do he need a surgery? !!!!!I hurt my knee and heard a pop and now it hurts to go up and down stairs and hurts when walking on it or to move it certain ways should I see my docto?!!!!!What does it mean to have low ts4?!!!!!I have a lump on the back of my head. Its above the hairline in the middle. Its hard and unmovable. It does not pain. Should I be cocerned?!!!!!My wife toke Plan B and 6 days later she started to spot for 2 days and stop could she be pregnant or its cause she been of Depo-Provera only a year?!!!!!At what Hemoglobin levels, is a blood transfusion recommended?!!!!!I am scheduled a flexible sigmoidoscopy for tomorrow. I got the fleet for enema from the pharmacy this morning. When should I use it?!!!!!Can u take Prilosec OTC with fluoxetine?!!!!!How do I get over my family issues before leaving for college?!!!!!What does microalbumin urine 343.2 ug/ml ,microalb/creat Ratio ,random urine 402.3 mg/g creat in urine mean? Is this bad? Am I going to die?!!!!!My uncle has been diagnosed with adrenal disease. Could you please explain more about the condition and what are the causes?!!!!!My husband was sexually molsted during childhood, by an older man and then by teenagers and was also being physically abused at home, at the time but did not have anyone to turn for help. Is there a possibilty that he could be suffering from PTSD?!!!!!What does a doctor do in externsl cronic anal fissure and pls tell me the process of sugery of cronic anal fissure outside my anal there is one small?!!!!!Do I need to worry about a bump in my groin area which has been there for the last around one year?!!!!!I took secod inactive pill of my second pack of mononessa pills. My period has still not come. !!!!!I started using a new medication called Zofran. After using this, I feel like I have no energy and have thrown up a few times too. Can this medication cause these side effects?!!!!!I had toothache and underwent tooth extraction but still continue to notice the pain. I'm on antibotics and pain medications. Should I go back to the dentist?!!!!!I got electrocuted i was replacing a wire on my car and i accidentally touched it wth a screwdriver and got shocked i felt it go up my armswillibe ok?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am diagnosed with fibroid after my ultrasound scan yesterday. What are the treatmet options for fibroids?!!!!!Are there any over the counter cough syrups that can help me with my dry cough? I get phlegm in the morning and I feel achy too, but I think it could be because of a probable UTI for which I am seeing my primary in 2 days but I need some relief from this cough, it does not let me sleep.!!!!!My temporary filling that I got after a root canal seems to be falling out and do not have an appointment until next week for a permanent filling. What can I do now?!!!!!I'm currently on treatment for psoriasis and seborric dermatitis of the scalp. Are they related? Should I talk to a dermatologist?!!!!!Doctors, do you think I can develop keloid scarring on old healed tattoos?!!!!!Total health.........,,,, I am having loer back stifiness,,,,,, weight loss,,,,, thick lips.............!!!!!Can caffeine result in headaches?!!!!!I was diagnosed with endometriosis. I recently had a miscarriage and the pain is more severe than before. Is this due to miscarriage?!!!!!I eat alot now I just got love handles, how much are implants for butts?!!!!!I have  microalbumin urine 343.2 ug/ml ,microalb/creat Ratio ,random urine 402.3 mg/g creat, no DM,no HT,is this serious ? What 's to do next?!!!!!Is it dangerous mixing various kinds of drugs and alcohols?!!!!!What are your thoughts about adrenal fatigue and I wonder why so many doctors do not believe it is a real issue?!!!!!My feet are numb, could it be a blood clot?!!!!!I think I have a hamstring strain while playing hockey, but I can still walk. Is this normal?!!!!!For what reasons might any surgeon choose a stomach stapling over a lap-band surgery?!!!!!Is a urine test helpful to diagnose kidney stones?!!!!!What are some causes of bleeding from the penis?!!!!!What can cause cancer underneath the eye?!!!!!When does ovulation take place?!!!!!How is legs inflammation treated?!!!!!Hello doctor may I know if kleptomania is heredity?!!!!!Hello doctor I am 18 years of age  and there is Parkisnsons running in my family. Is the disease heredity. What are my chances ending up getting Parkisons?!!!!!Can I lose a lot of weight if I have cirrhosis?!!!!!I am trying to loose weight as I am obese. Can you please help me with the amount of caories I need to loose weight?!!!!!I am a healthy 25 year old but for the past few days, I have been feeling lightheadedness and dizzy, do you know what might be the cause?!!!!!I had sleep issues and was prescribed tamazepam 30mg and then switched to ambien recently. I am having nausea and dizziness. Is this normal? !!!!!Can you explain if it's possible to have a lot of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes and not have it?!!!!!Can somebody be pregnant when on their period?!!!!!I have been on muscle relaxant medications for my chronic lower back ache due to L4-L5 disc bulge for quite a while. It helped a lot but there hasn't been much relief lately. Should I consider other options such as physiotherapy, surgery? !!!!!Can one have jaw, stoamch and chest pain after getting over with stomach flu? I am wondering, should I be worried? !!!!!What are the symptoms of a scaphoid wrist fracture?!!!!!My daughter has been diagnsoed with schizophrenia and has been prescribed on medications for it recently. She has been feeling tired and restless. Is this expected?!!!!!Is erythromycin estolate a prescribed medication?!!!!!Is surgery needed to remove an enlarged thyroid gland?!!!!!After 6 months into my post-op, I have more gland leftover in one breast. Should I attribute this to swelling or bad gland tissue?!!!!!What are the symptoms of mental illnesses like bipolar?!!!!!If I use 4 tylenol (acetaminophen) 3 and 0.50mg Xanax would it be just as dangerous to use lsd and mdma a few hours later as it would be only mixing lsd and mdma? Ty!!!!!What would a spider bite on the tongue look like?!!!!!This is my second month on mononessa, however this my second day taking my inactive pill, still haven't gotten my period is this normal?!!!!!What do you advise if i had which were growling stomach and excessive flatulence. What could've caused this?!!!!!How do we know a mole is cancerous or benign?!!!!!How to prevent catching flu from a visitor who never learn to put hand on mouth while coughing... Will hand gel help me?!!!!!What diet plan would you suggest for someone who has hip problems and is overweight? Would a keto diet help?!!!!!Hello doctor, I have acne prone skin and I had break out yesterday. Tomorrow I have prom to attend in school and I would like to know about any natural remedies which will help with by pimples by tomorrow. !!!!!How is a lung cancer diagnosed?!!!!!Please explain what it means to have a "prominent nose"?!!!!!Will doctors help young couples get pregnant?!!!!!Is too high a dose of birth control dangerous?!!!!!When I use the bathroom, my poop are sometimes the size of meat balls or bigger. And it's hard to push I eat fruits vegetables. When using I bleed why?!!!!!Do gmos have any effects on type one diabetes?!!!!!I am a girl, my cum is a little foamy and thick. stringy too. I have no smyptoms, but is this normal?!!!!!On second depo shot can it make your boobs hurt? Be sore can it also darken your nipples?!!!!!Is Porphyria curable?!!!!!What are the side effects of Adderall? Can it cause ear problems or headache?!!!!!Would 176 RA IgM factor be considered a low positive for rheumatoid factor. What would be considered a positive level. My ccp level is normal.!!!!!My friend has some symptoms like limb numbness, joint pain, bruising and skin indents. The doctor asked him to get an ANA and RNP and the values are 1:160 and 3. The doctor is not able to come to a conclusion on what it is and I would like your opinion on additional tests that can be taken.!!!!!I think I have infected my wound.  I sustained the wound when I feel down and it is healed. I have no history of surgery before.!!!!!How do you contact worms from pets? I saw a few white things in my b.M. But not everytime. How can I get rid of them? What are the symptoms?!!!!!My mother is a known diabetic and asthmatic. She has been having burning sensation in the left hand. What does that mean?!!!!!My cycles are very regular but I missed period by a month. I have been sexually active and we forgot to use condom once about 5 weeks ago. I noticed spotting today and my urine pregnancy test came back negative. What could be the cause of my missed period?!!!!!Hi doctors I am taking citalopram tablets 20 mg and having cold legs all the time any other medicines similar to citalopram side effect is worry me?!!!!!I have been seeing my periods every 2 weeks for numerous months, i used to be very regular, & I am a lot heavier please can u help?!!!!!What does it mean when u have to take a deep breath to breath vetter?!!!!!Am taking Duphaston day 11 to day 25 when do expect my period?!!!!!I noticed bleeding from my anal region irrespective of bowel movement and I am worried I have hemorrhoids/colon cancer. Should I request my doctor for a proctoscopy and a colonoscopy?!!!!!I quit smoking. How many years until my lungs are clean?!!!!!How should the drug methotrexate affect the cells of the body regarding treatment of arthritis?!!!!!My ear starts breaking out with itch when I wear earrings. I think I am allergic to it. I researched online on how to avoid this and I came across a few articles that say clear nail polish coat on earrings helps. Is it bad or safe to try?!!!!!My nephew has idiopathic juvenile arthritis and hypothyroidism as well. Do we need to take some special care of his diet? Are there any foods that we should avoid for him?!!!!!Can quitting smoking cause long term digestive problems?!!!!!How can  you heal chronic knee bursitis?!!!!!I was involved in a motor vehicle accident and since then, I have been having a headache, dizziness, blurred vision. Just worried if these could be signs of something concerning. Please help.!!!!!I had a root canal 3 months ago but tooth is still sensitive to hot. What could be the reason?!!!!!I quit smoking recently and I have been using nicotine patch. But I am planning to try electronic cigarettes as I am not very comfortable with nicotine patch. Can I do that without any affect on me quitting of smoking?!!!!!How can I find any good health care institutions or pharmacies known for compounding voriconazole 1% eye drops solution ?!!!!!How is the secondary spread of cancer diagnosed? !!!!!Daily meth use for about 6-7 months. Best way to gain back weight, muscle and fat?!!!!!How is a labral tear in the shoulder with subluxation repaired?!!!!!What can I use to relieve eye strain from using electronic devices at night?!!!!!My son has been coughing and has wheeze, for about 15 days now. Has phlegm with  the cough and no home remedies have helped. Does he require a doctor's visit? !!!!!I am 23 years old and get regular cycles. I want conception. Any advice?!!!!!Can you share some simple remedies to help deal with light headedness, body ache and a high fever?!!!!!Is it okay to have intercourse while on cyclogest (progesterone)?!!!!!What are the other casues of bumps around anus in children, other than skin tags?!!!!!I have cavities in my tooth and my dentist advised to get root canal done. Can you tell me if the procedure is painful and how much time will it take?!!!!!Please tell me, could a dentist remove a tooth when infection is present?!!!!!When I was thinking about something that made me feel depressed and stressed out, I felt my heart flutter, what does this mean?!!!!!26yo F. HIDA scan showed 23% function of gallbladder, no stones. Have had pain for 3 years- should it be removed?!!!!!My child has low alkaline phosphatase level on his lab results. Why?!!!!!What does having an f2 bone cyst on my spine mean?!!!!!Should I use the nicotine patch to quit smoking? Or should I try electronic cigarettes?!!!!!Always use birth control, always use condoms with spermicide, always pull out with condom, but my period is late. Stress from college or pregnancy?!!!!!I had an injury over the head last month, that caused mild indentation on my parietal bone. I have sharp pain in that region for last 2 days. I didn't consult a doctor yet as I thought I was fine. I will schedule an appointment with my doctor. Can you tell me what I can do in the meanwhile for relief?!!!!!My boyfriend has had a genital herpes outbreak. This is the first time he has had an outbreak. Does he definitely have to take medication like acyclovir for it or can he try some home remedies?!!!!!Can you get abdominal adhesions from a laparoscopic bilateral hernia repair?!!!!!Hey so I just had strep throat and should I wash all my sheets like are they contagious to my family if they use the same blanket I used when I was sick.!!!!!How does a heart attack present in a 36 year old female?!!!!!When would one have implantation bleeding?!!!!!I have seasonal allergies and currently having nasal drainage along with swollen tonsils and lymph nodes. Could you suggest some remedies? !!!!!Is neutrogena actually helpful for acne?!!!!!School paper: how does a disciplinary and or criminal record affect the ability to get into professional school/medical school?!!!!!What does Bruxism do to the teeth in the long run?!!!!!What amount of niacin flush should I take to clean my system free of thc?!!!!!Radiologist read my pelvic CT scan incorrectly I went in to ER for very bad pelvic pain and back aches. They ordered a no contrast CT scan of pelvis. The first CT scan report read right ovary is larger than left (i don't have a left) with somewhat heterog!!!!!I was diagnosed with a urine infection for which I was given Trimethoprim 200 mg to be taken twie daily. I have developed headaches because of the medication. Would it be safe to take Gabapentin?!!!!!I have been experiencing some back pain recently, do I need to start Vitamin D supplementation?!!!!!In a mental health program im on pass and i once again used opiates, my addiction to them is to strong  and don't know how to tell doc?Withdrawal suck!!!!!Is there any side effects or bad effect to the body drinking whey protein?!!!!!Should a teenage follow the diet plans on TV?!!!!!Hey doc! My doctor diagnosed me with suprapatellar bursitis. Are there any exercises that I can do at home?!!!!!I hit my head on the car door and have a small bump. 24 hours later I have a bad headache. Could I have a concussion?!!!!!What symptoms can one expect in the recovery phase after a breast augmentation?!!!!!We are very worried because my boyfriend's penis seems to have blood blisters. His penis turned black, blue after sex last night. He says that it does not hurt but it does look swollen. What should he do now?!!!!!I eat vegetable curry daily (different types) every meal. Does this count towards my 5 a day and is this a healthy way of eating veggies?!!!!!My brother is a football player and hurt his foot while he was playing. How long will it take for the pain to resolve?!!!!!What is the most effective way to determine if one has a venerial disease?!!!!!Can runny nose, itchy eyes, nasal congestion and frequent sneezing be a symptom of the flu?!!!!!I am a 17 years old healthy girl but for the past 2-3 days, I have been having dull pain around belly button and there is some weird feeling as if some bubbles are popping above my navel area. I wonder what could be the cause of this? !!!!!I have heard that eating papaya and taking Vitamin C tablets will help abort a baby. Is that true?!!!!!I experienced severe pain abdomen, bloating 2 days ago after eating food, that has msg and onion. My doctor said I am intolerant to those and that I should avoid it. I really liked that dish and I want to know if I won't be able to eat it again. Is the intolerance to onion and msg permanent?!!!!!Can sleep apnea cause memory loss? And negative thinking? I got diagnosed with sleep apnea but I am not sure how long I've had it.!!!!!My sister has acute pain abdomen, that is severe causing difficulty in walking, standing, talking, lifting today. She underwent surgical abortion 3 months ago. What can she do for relief?!!!!!I think I may have gonorrhea. Is the discharge with gonorrhea foul smelling?!!!!!Is there any non sedative pain medication out there?!!!!!I am experiencing some ache in my right lower abdomen and it feels like ovulation pain. My period just ended 2 days ago. I am confused if ovulation occurs while on mini pills and if ovulation can occur 2 days after the period gets over. I am on mini pills and I have 35 days cycle and my period usually lasts 4 days.!!!!!I have been having panic attacks for a few months now and have chest pain along with breathing difficulty and palpitations. How do I know this is not heart related?!!!!!I got my first full blown period after getting off birth control last month. It lasted for 6 days and I am still bleeding light for the last 2 days. Is that normal?!!!!!I am really worried about my child- She getsangry easily and blames others for all her acts, feels like she is a sore loser. Is this a medical problem and should I seek any help from some psychologist?!!!!!What causes the levels of AST and ALT to rise up?!!!!!I had symptoms of vaginal eczema for which a pelvic exam was done. The results have come and my doctor says I need a biopsy, is this normal?!!!!!I am 27 and have been on Cialis for ED for about 2 months now. But I notice that the symptoms are worsening and I cannot achieve and maintain an erection. Is it normal for this to happen while on medication?!!!!!I have seizures and I am eptoin tablets? I have cold now and can I take citrizine with eptoin tablets?!!!!!I have endometriosis and I had miscarriage recently. Is the miscarriage because of my endometriosis? Will I ever be able to have kids?!!!!!My aunt has gout and she tried natural treatment which didn't help. She realized that but she says she doesn't want to take medications. Is there any treatment option, that she can try apart from medications?!!!!!My doctor has advised to wean off my Nexium from 40 mg to 20 mg and then to 10mg Nexium granules. Is it a good way to wean off Nexium? Will it prevent any severe rebound?!!!!!Which conditions of the ear cause Tinnitus in 35 year olds?!!!!!Can the ointment mupirocin USP 2% cause a rash when applied if its expired?!!!!!Used Lodine or Celebrex (celecoxib) on and off for 3 or 4 years. Occasionally had some stomach burning. Havent used in 3 months can it still cause an ulcer?!!!!!Being a high school student, I need 9 hours of sleep, but I am usually up till 11PM, though I should sleep by 8PM. What should I do? !!!!!If I took the morning after pill within 11hrs after having unprotected sex what are my chances of not being pragent?!!!!!My sister has sciatica. She started experiencing pain at the upper aspect of her thighs last night. She has been working out vigorously and lifting heavy weights lately. Is this muscle strain going to affect her sciatica, bulged disc? Also, what should she do for relief?!!!!!Do different types of cancers have different treatment modalities? !!!!!What will happen if a normal 19 year old guy took viagra (sildenafil)?!!!!!I have been advised for cortisone shot in my knee, as diagnostic tool. My doctor tells me if the shot works it means inflammation if not, it indicates internal damage. Is my doctor right? !!!!!Can anemia caused by Gilbert's syndrome be cured?!!!!!I've heard that white water rafting can cause miscarriages. Is that true?!!!!!I've had body aches, blocked stuffy nose, headaches, pressure in my face and throat tightness and it feels dry for 6 months is it a bad cold?!!!!!I talk in my sleep with my eyes open but have no memory of the conversations.!!!!!My almost 3 month old has been crying during his feedings. Almost every feeding time he cries.!!!!!I am worried about blockage in my brain arteries because I have been having lightheadedness for some time. Can a CT of scan or MRI with contrast may help diagnose it?!!!!!How to make my body fit? I am always facing problem with my weight-gain. what should I do?!!!!!What can help me lose abdominal fat to make my abs more prominent?!!!!!Can you suggest me ways to reverse skin atrophy caused by topical steroids. Is it possible? !!!!!I am a little worried about what's going on with my health. Recently, in my Pap smear, abnormal cells were noticed and my Ob/gyn has advised me LEEP (Loop Electrosurgical Excision Procedure) of the cervix and she said that some tissue will be sent for biopsy. I am not sure what I can expect from the histology reports? Does that mean I have cervical cancer?!!!!!What causes dimpling on the nipple along with a few painless lumps in the breast tissue? My last child was 6 years ago and I had a tubal ligation done. !!!!!What are some sources of vitamin d?!!!!!Does a woman's virgina itch if she has sex with a man who has prostate problems?!!!!!My stitches from the surgery feel hard, is it normal?!!!!!When can I start mini pills if my period ended 2 days ago? I usually have a 35 days cycle and I am expecting ovulation next week as per my period tracker.!!!!!I read a lot about Milk of magnesia deodorants. Do they help with perspiration effectively?!!!!!I got the metanephrine fractionated tests and both the tests are abnormal. I am about to get CT abdomen and pelvis done with out or with contrast and I want to know about the likelihood of the test being abnormal. !!!!!Period five days late when should I take pregnancy rest?!!!!!Does the tendency to get kidney stones lie in the genes or the diet?!!!!!Are there different types of shellfish allergies? I have been diagnosed with type 1. What does it mean?!!!!!I've got stitch like pain and  bleeding/ uterus feels heavy. I've had mirena (levonorgestrel) for 8 weeks now. This pain has only been the last week,  is this normal?!!!!!I have been suffering from acid indigestion lately. Is there anything you would suggest to get rid of it easily?!!!!!Which treatment works the best and fastest for aortic regurgitation?!!!!!What are the side effects of statin medications?!!!!!I have a fever with cough and headache. Do I need antibiotics?!!!!!I have a bug bite and it keeps getting worse. What do you recommend?!!!!!2 days past ovulation  had sex 3 times but started following symptoms cramping slight nausea more bowel movements, fatigue, gas - can I be preg?!!!!!I have red and black warts on the skin and acne spots on back. How can I get rid of them?!!!!!What is the treatment of diabetes when one is pregnant?!!!!!I am late for my period. Can I be pregnant?!!!!!Can birth control pills and emergency pills be taken together?!!!!!Why do women with preeclampsia have nausea and abdominal pain?!!!!!Can you recommend some safe exercises to do during pregnancy?!!!!!I have type 2 diabetes and my fasting sugar levels usually stay around 100, is that normal? !!!!!Can you advise me some good multivitamins for a healthier body?!!!!!I need some help understanding the duration of my period. If my bleeding lasts for 6 days and on 7th day, I have very light bleeding, what would be the duration of my period?!!!!!I have bloody diarrhea for 2 days. Should I go to the ER?!!!!!Borderline changes to Brain MRI in 1 yr being referred to a neuroradiologist does this mean something sinister?!!!!!I have chronic lower back ache and my recent test reports show mild L4-L5 disc bulge. Are muscle relaxant medications the most effective mode of treatment for relief from this pain?!!!!!Can you help understand the test results of my special needs daughter? Her lymphocytes are 3.8, Leukocyte Esterase is 500.!!!!!I was diagnosed with a bone spur and underwent surgery about 2 weeks back. I still have some stiffness, is this expected during the recovery process?!!!!!My child has seizures and IVH has been excluded. What could be causing this?!!!!!What are some things that can help me with my dry and chapped hands?!!!!!I am 20 weeks pregnant and for the past 2-3 days, I have noticed some white clumpy discharge which has a strange odor. I noticed small bumps also and it itches really bad down there. I got tested for STD's last month and I was clean. What could this be and what can I do to treat it? Just worried that it might affect my baby. Any help would be appreciated.!!!!!Which medications help with weight loss in a 17 year old female of height 6 feet and weight 170 lbs. !!!!!I want to get pregnant with twins? I am on birth control pills from past some time and have missed only one pill during the intercourse in past 1 year. What should I do? !!!!!I need someone that can help me. It's been 2 weeks now that I have finished my period but now I am still bleeding and I am very nauseous.!!!!!Self-waxing pubic hair - is it hard to do?!!!!!May I use a tampon one week after a medical abortion? I am finding conflicting information online....!!!!!How does liposuction help get rid of belly fat?!!!!!Is L-lysine safe while trying for conception?!!!!!Is a four week negative HIV antibody test / negative PCR test reliable?!!!!!Have pain up and down left leg and left foot. I've been keeping it elevated all day. I hope its not a blood clot. I also took three Bayer aspirins.?!!!!!I often get cysts in my neck. How can I make them stop.!!!!!We have been trying to conceive for last 1 year. My wife's cycles are irregular, she misses her period and experiences signs of pregnancy but pregnancy test always comes back negative. We got tested recently, all came back normal. Wondering if she should start taking fertility pills. What do you think?!!!!!I have been dealing with bad anxiety for the past few weeks and I do not want to take any medicine. Are there any remedies or simple things that I can try to feel better?!!!!!What are the causes of burning sensation in the eyes and heartburn?!!!!!I have lump in the breast, nipple discharge, redness and swelling. I am breast feeding and wanted to know about the cause. !!!!!How can I get rid of this belly fat, real soon?!!!!!Most effective. Muscle relaxants for chronic. L4-l5 pain?!!!!!Hello I have back spasms that flare up every now and then. I've done heat and ice rotate. Tried naproxen looked at my diet and take vitamins?!!!!!My doctor mentioned that I have arrythmia. Does it eventually go away or will I need treatment for it?!!!!!My period is late by 6 days and had protected sex with my boyfriend 2 weeks back and the last time I had sex before that was 7 months back. Is there anything to worry?!!!!!I had unprotected sex on 6feb n my period was on 17feb. Had done 3 times test 2day morning also but all came negative? Doc. Given me cyclenorm e n p!!!!!What are common side-effects to expect with lovenox?!!!!!How common is it for somebody to get cubital tunnel syndrome?!!!!!Is it safe to drink soy milk when I am on accutane?!!!!!What are the safety precations one should take when they get a tattoo especially when one has a history of heart attacks?!!!!!I have an oily scalp and it has been very itchy. I have been losing a lot of hair each day and my GP prescribed me diprosalic for scalp application. What could be causing it?!!!!!I was on contraceptive pills from past 8 years. Now I want to stop them, may I know, when can my cycles be regular again?  Before starting with the pills, I was dealing with acne issues. Will the acne return again? !!!!!Why do Warfarin INR levels fluctuate?!!!!!Hi. I have been having ear pain in my right ear. It started on Thursday maybe and It just keeps hurting.?!!!!!What is the ideal way of brushing the teeth? !!!!!Can I take B12 shots if I have high blood pressure? Thanks in advance.!!!!!Last week, doctor put me me on omeprazole for gastritis (no prior stomach issues.)  since then, i've had a few green poops of middling consistency.  ?!!!!!For a man in his 20s, is BP of 140/88 normal?!!!!!How long should I be biking on a daily basis to lose weight?!!!!!Im in a lot of localized pain, I was diagnosed with an enlarged uterus, a bicornuate uterus, and some ovarian cysts.Pain is extreme. ER? or primary?!!!!!What is the treatment for hernia repair? Is an ultrasound necessary for it? Asking for a friend.!!!!!I had medial epicondylar release/ ulnar nerve decompression 5/9/14. When I woke up from it I had a sore throat still have a sore throat? I'mconcerned?!!!!!My D is experiencing blood on end of stool & on tissue. 3rd day in a row but only on morning bm! Have GP appointment for 5 days, is this soon enough?!!!!!Does statin help with high cholesterol? !!!!!My friend had wrecthed ligament in the knee but it's still has not healed yet. Do he need a surgery now? !!!!!I bent over while sitting in a chair to pick up something and felt like something popped and I am now having pain on my left side around my ribs?!!!!!If global temperatures increase, will malaria spread to other areas?!!!!!Why is arthroscopy of the knee done?!!!!!What is the treatment for migraine headaches?!!!!!What does it mean if some people who have gilbert's syndrome develop anemia?!!!!!Is going from 40 mg Nexium to 20 mg Nexium and then 10 mg Nexium granuels a good way of weaning of?Sudden stopping I hear can result in sever rebound.!!!!!Why do you think I have been getting these chest pains on and off with numbness in the left arm?!!!!!Is it safe to take Tylenol (acetaminophen) Cold Multi Symptom Nighttime and 10mg of melatonin?!!!!!I have been taking birth control pills regularly and have missed one pill during the intercourse night and have been taking them regularly after that. What are my chances of getting pregnant with twins?!!!!!It's hard to work out in the winter. I like running outside but too cold and too much snow. Any tips and how to lose weight in the winter time?!!!!!Is it possible for common antacids to neutralize the acid that plaque produces and causes cavities?!!!!!Could you apprise me of some easy home remedies for premature ejaculation? !!!!!Does frequent and random adrenaline rush cause increased heart rate?!!!!!I'm 27, female. I use hair removing lotion for pubic hair. What can I use to prevent or treat the itching pimples of when hair grows back?!!!!!Are there any exercises that are most effective for getting rid of fat in the thigh?!!!!!What can I give my 13 teen year old sore throat headache?!!!!!I fell on my back at work and I'm having extreme pain in my left shoulder blade. I can't move it at all without bursting into tears. What should I do?!!!!!Why does 7 months premature baby is safer than 8 months premature baby?!!!!!I have a long standing corn on my toe. Is surgery my only option?!!!!!Is it true that certain kinds of fats would be harmful when one has ethyl malonic aciduria?!!!!!My cycles have always been regular and my expected due date of period is 16th April. I got Mirena recently. I am worried it would disturb my cycles, what are the chances?!!!!!When is vaginal spotting while on birth control considered normal?!!!!!I have a septate hymen. What are the options for me?!!!!!I recently got a CAT scan of the abdomen and pelvis with contrast done which came back normal but the symtpoms have been the same. What is the purpose of the scan?!!!!!Would 3 normal u/s and 5 low d-dimers over the course of 4 weeks rule out dvt? Even though leg pain is still there? No redness or swelling.!!!!!My grandmother was prescribed diuretics and she has started experiencing lower appetite and unsteadiness while walking. Are these expected side effects?!!!!!Do you know the scientific reason why herpes is not curable?!!!!!What are the symptoms of orthostatic hypotension?!!!!!I woke up with eyes crusted shut. What should I do it really hurts?!!!!!When does a woman experience morning sickness during pregnancy?!!!!!Is it possible to have anxiety symptoms 24/7 for 2 years straight?!!!!!Apple cider is helpful in weight reduction and how to use this for this purpose?!!!!!I have lost my appetite because of persistent heartburn. I feel weak because I do not eat much. Is there any medication that can help?!!!!!Does ovulation make you feel fatigued, nauseous, bloated or gives cramping?!!!!!Is it normal to get withdrawal bleeding while on sugar pills?!!!!!Should I see my doctor if I heard a pop in my knee after an injury and now it hurts to go up and down the stairs and hurts to walk on it?!!!!!What is this rare disease called porphyria?!!!!!I am 4 weeks pregnant. When shall I go for my first check up?!!!!!What are the side effects of this? Can it cause anxiety in children?!!!!!When is lung/bronchial cancer considered advanced?!!!!!How much time off work do I take after an ACL reconstruction?!!!!!Any tips on how I can manage frequent hard stools?!!!!!I have a positive ANA 1:160 Homo pattern & RNP of. 3. Joint pain, limb numbness, skin indents stay for hours, bruising. No diagnosis. More testing?!!!!!When is the right time to undergo the HIV antibody test and PCR test?!!!!!34 year old male. Graying hair. Has been stressful past year of change in life. Does stress affect this in men? Any advice to slow graying/thinning?!!!!!I have a wrenched ligament in the knee, how long would it take to heal up? !!!!!Do large wounds require a large needle to stitch?!!!!!Is a HIV duo test at 28 days after exposure accurate?!!!!!My dad has got a high pressure, cholesterol and diabeties he take a lot of medicine I am really scared about him what should he do?!!!!!I have irreglar periods. Can I still get pregnant?!!!!!I recently underwent Lap cholecystectomy (gallbladder removal) and recovered well. I recently started noticing severe nausea, vomiting along with high blood pressure. What does it mean?!!!!!How long can I continue to take prednisolone for my allergies?!!!!!I think I have a hemorrhoid. Not sure but I am having pus from the anus. Can it be an abscess?!!!!!I'm currently 20 weeks pregnant and have been noticing lower abdominal pain and light bleeidng. Should I be worried? !!!!!What are the symptoms of cystocele in pregnancy?!!!!!Can polycystic ovarian disease be cured?!!!!!Hello doctor, I have infected tooth and I am prescribed amoxycillin.  Can I take motrin aling with amoxycillin for the pain?!!!!!My 28 year old sister test results are as following- sperms normal, hsg normal, tsh-2.85, estrodiol-20.8, fsh-9.68, lh-5.63,prolactin-24.1, amh-0.62, afc-0,3. She had undergone these tests, as she was trying to conceive from past 1 year but unsuccessful. Her doctor has advised her Clomidine, may I know, in how much time, she would start ovulating again?!!!!!I was fingured by a guy for first time, he was touching his penis which was wet with precum and then he fingured my vagina.Can i get HIV through this?!!!!!What are the chances of having a head injury in a swimmer?!!!!!The confusing symptoms and online research points towards me being pregnant. Can I get a professional advice?!!!!!What are the different types of pacemakers?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am on birth control pills and can I take Plan B when on pills? !!!!!Could you   get bird flu from a bird flying into your house?!!!!!I saw some white bumps on my tongue this morning! Will i transfer it to my baby when I kiss her?!!!!!I am worried about pregnancy. My boyfriend touched my vulva and clitoris with his fingers and I am not sure if he ejaculated inside me but it was the 9th day of my cycle and I have regular cycle of 28 days.!!!!!What is the significane of HbA1C?!!!!!I am having knee issues, what supplements or vitamins can I take to increase blood circulation to the knee? !!!!!How soon after a medical abortion can one conceive again?!!!!!What are the different types of personalities? Is being immature one of them?!!!!!People who have had liver transplant due to cirrhosis (latest stage), do they always develop an hepatic aneurysm?!!!!!My boy friend has shortness of breath since past week and all his vital signs are normal. I am concerned as what to do. !!!!!My mother-in-law experiences left arm pain and finger twitches. Her EKG and ECHO reports are normal. She has been stressed a lot lately as she lost her husband and we think she is depressed and is anxious. Should we take her to her doctor or would she be fine after grieving for a while?!!!!!I lost more thn 15 lbs of weight in a month with out change in diet or exercise. I am having fever and night chills. May I know what is the cause?!!!!!I've been experiencing dizziness for several months now, with occasional ear pain. Does this sound like a brain tumor or a sinus problem?!!!!!I'm not sure but is huntington's disease a congenital disease?!!!!!Can you please explain what is pitting edema?!!!!!I know there are alternatives for penicillin, but why dos we not use the others? Are there problems with them, or? (it's for a school projekt)!!!!!I have been diagnosed with osteoarthritis and have an upcoming appointment with the rheumatologist. I have been taking naproxen 1/2 ( 500mg) twice a day for the joint pain but the pain has been getting stronger. Is there anything else I can do to help with the pain?!!!!!Does yeast infections cause the blood to become thin and lead to internal bleeding?!!!!!What are the sympyoms of a peptic ulcer? What can I do for it, at home? I don't have much money, can't see a doctor :(!!!!!Been prescribed steroid nasal spray for post nasal drip. Symptoms are very uncomfortable is there something different I can do? How important is it?!!!!!How can someone's happiness level affect someone's health?!!!!!Does anything during pregnancy cause esophageal atresia?!!!!!I've noticed a lump in my right breast for a few weeks now, my little one only sucks on the left one, could it mean I have a chnace of cancer in the right one?!!!!!Is it normal for my nipples to get more prominent if I am feeling cold?!!!!!Just looked in right side of nose. very red and swollen. Hurts to sniff or touch outside of nose. Its big like a polyp. Have clear discharge. Whatisit?!!!!!What is sciatica and what are the symptoms?!!!!!Why do I keep getting recurrent yeast infections?!!!!!Can one get worn infestation from pets? What are the symptoms and treatments of worm infestation in humans? !!!!!Ttc fr 1yr after molar. Sperm normal, hsg norm, tsh-2.85, estrodiol-20.8fsh-9.68, lh-5.63prolactin-24.1amh-0.62afc-3.results normal? Wats next step? Age-28!!!!!What are the best remedies you know for treating a cold sore quickly without scarring?!!!!!What exactly is PCOS and what is its effect on the breasts?!!!!!Upper abdomen pain pulled muscle from working out? Any specific stretch to prevent it?!!!!!Hey! Wondering if unprotected sex can cause abscess in the anal hole? What else could cause it?!!!!!Can cervical cancer cause more ailments in the body?!!!!!I notice drooping of my mouth on one side. I didn't get injured over head in any accident or majorly otherwise but I am a boxer with blows on head sometimes. Do I have concussion? !!!!!How effective is the flu shot in preventing the flu?!!!!!Exercises have not been helpful with getting rid of thigh fat. What is your recommendation on cosmetic surgeries like lipsuction?!!!!!Can I take oral terbinafine for onychomycosis? I had taken 45 oral terbinafine.Now foot toenail skin are red & pain. It will cure?!!!!!I have noticed a clicking of the knee joint whe walking downstairs. Surprisingly, there has been no pain. What is causing this?!!!!!I have had this constant sore throat since my surgery a couple of years back, what could be the cause?!!!!!I am diagnosed with gout recently with uric acid levels 465.2umol/L according to my test reports. I have been experiencing big toe pain for last 2 weeks but my knee and wrist hurt as well now. I was prescribed medications by my doctor. How long does it take for my uric acid levels to come back to normal range?!!!!!Hi  I have epilepsy and have 30 seizures a day i'm on epillim 2000mg  a day is it possible to go on a higher dose?!!!!!I have had bad stomach cramp with a few diarrohea for last few days . Is it an ulcer or flu?!!!!!B12:145 ng/L Range 130-800ng/L Result statesJust in Range Have a Few Sympt, Neuroligist says not low but GP started loading dose 6 injections? Ideas!!!!!I have underactive detrusor and does it return to normal.!!!!!I've been getting swollen red hands mostly in the morning. I noticed I sleep hard on my hands is this something to be worried about?!!!!!Can scar tissue on the uterus or bladder show up on an ultrasound?!!!!!Why is there more fat buildup in the tummy area?!!!!!What's the best treatment for burns?!!!!!How much should I take the biotin 500mg?!!!!!How to loose weight fast after child birth?!!!!!What is the right time to have a second child after having my first baby?!!!!!I ovulated a couple days ago and feel itchy in my vaginal area. What can I use to relieve the itching?!!!!!I have excessive hair loss for last 3 months. I have been stressed a lot at work for last 5-6 months and I am on a break now. I wanted to understand if my hair loss has been due to stress?!!!!!Can stress and constipation cause weight gain, inspite of healthy eating and exercising?!!!!!Is it safe to take Metronidazole 500 mg when one has liver disease such as Chronic Hep C?!!!!!I have left abdominal pain for last 2 days but no fever, urine difficulty. I am expecting my period tomorrow. I had constipation and I strained a lot about 3 days ago, that may have started the pain but I am worried. I barely drink water. I took tylenol and I am planning to take laxatives. What else should I do? !!!!!Hello doctor I have vaginal itching, discharge and odor. The discharge is yellow in color. Do you think it is yeast infection or bacterial vaginosis?!!!!!Should I worry if my 5 year old daughter had some traces of blood in her urine with a calcium level of 2.4 and creatine level of 3.3?!!!!!Are complications such as renal failure and Pulmonary Hypertension common when one has Sjogren's?!!!!!Can you tell me more about Tuberous Sclerosis and how to manage it better?!!!!!What is the definition or description of: hyphema?!!!!!I have chest pain in the middle of my chest. I am having cough and flu like symptoms as well. Do you think chest pain could be related to coughing fits?!!!!!Is it possible for ovulation to take place one dat after fisninshing with the period?!!!!!What is chondromalacia patella?!!!!!Can a normal surgeon also operate on cleft lip? I heard only plastic surgeons can operate on that. !!!!!Does a nerve compression in the hip area cause the pain to radiate down to the knee and leg? !!!!!Im not sure if im pregnant. Took 2 test one + with very faint blue line other - .. Fatigue, severe headaches. Nausea.. Dizziness. But painful help?!!!!!My daughter had a Holter Monitor test. There is a rash around the area where the lead was attached. Can he take anti allergy medication?!!!!!What tests are done to figure if you have circulation problems in thighs sometimes when standing too long. What exer can I do to  when it comes ?!!!!!Someone said I have a prominent nose, what could it mean?!!!!!Do you think eating spicy food can give bloating and fullness in upper abdomen along with stinking gas?!!!!!What are the side effects of Minoxidil?!!!!!What is the best sunscreen that i shoudl be using? Is there a particular SPF I should be looking for? I heard that sunscreen is more effective when used with vitamin based skin care products. !!!!!Is back ache a side effect of excessive masturbation?!!!!!I stubbed my finger while working out. If i leave it alone, will it just go back to normal? And what is the time frame?!!!!!I have PCOS and my cycles are irregular. We have been trying to conceive and I am concerned about my chances of pregnancy with PCOS. Will I ever be able to have a kid? !!!!!I have been vomiting and passing loose watery stool since yesterday. Today I got an itchy rash which appears to be like measles. What's your opinion? !!!!!I have had some pregnancy symptoms and I was four days late and had some brown discharge around the time of period and 2 nurses said they think I am?!!!!!I have neck pain, numbness and sharp shooting pain in the left arm.  What could it be from?!!!!!I recently lost virginity and still notice the hymen hanging from the vaginal opening and it hurts. I tried to pull it out but seems to hurt. What do you suggest I do?!!!!!My doctor prescribed me on cymbalta for neuropathy which doesn't seem to help at all. What is the other alternative medication that mght help? My sugar levels seem to be under good control. !!!!!Unusual sore breasts each month after ovulation for 2 weeks after abortion of twins 9 months ago? ttc is everything ok? also get palpatations dizzines!!!!!What exercises help reduce the appearance of cellulite on the buttocks and thighs?!!!!!I am taking BC and missed it for few hours on a couple days. I took plan B as I am concerned. I have bleeding a week later. Should I continue taking my BC pills? !!!!!I'm a teenager who is not sexually active, and recently I started to get pain when peeing just after ejaculating. It occurs right when I begin to pee then after that initial pain I can pee normally?!!!!!US=Diffuse thickening+edema of gastrocnemus. MD said its ok, ice it. Is this true? Leg's been hurting a lot for months. Now I limp after >10min walk!!!!!How are metabolic rate and free radical production related to human lifespan? What are some medically proven ways to control the metabolic rate and free radical production?!!!!!I think I have ED. Can you help me?!!!!!How can I heal a third degree burn?!!!!!Noticed small purple black lumps under foreskin on penis and one on penis head - (this one was already present before sex). Could it be genital warts?!!!!!I am a 26 year old non smoker, non alcohlic and I've been belching, vomiting, have diarrhea and I think I noticed some blood in my vomitus. What's happening to me? Should I be worried?!!!!!What does a brown to black vaginal discharge mean? Could it be a period?!!!!!What foods should I avoid if I have sulfur burps and have had a gall bladder surgery 6 months back?!!!!!What causes stringy and shredded stools?!!!!!Currently I am on fluoxetine for anxiety and Prilosec for gastric issues, could you suggest me, what can I have for sore throat? !!!!!Are metabolic rate and free radical production related to human life span? How we can control them? Are there any medical proven ways for that? !!!!!I have been experiencing stomach shaking and shudders from quite some time. I am freaking out. What is causing this? !!!!!If 5 mth. Old baby has mrsa(the skin disease that causes boils) doctor gave her medicine but what soap to wash her with?  She also has ezema on skin.!!!!!Can staying happy improve my health? What specific steps should I take?!!!!!At what blood level of triglycerides would you need to start medication?!!!!!What can be done for really sharp pain in left ankle?!!!!!Is 4 mg intuniv & 2mgrisperdal too much for a 5 1/2 yr old, im worried..His neurologist prescibed for pddnos & adhd?!!!!!Mom's eye are red and she is rubbing her eyes. Any suggestions?!!!!!I'm training for a marathon and am having pain in my plantaris muscle, how can I help myself?!!!!!How can I treat frequent bumps in the ears due to allergies?!!!!!Can voren that is used for post op inflammation be also prescribed for a fever in a kid?!!!!!My sister has been prescribed alendronate/fosamax now, as she complained of side effects from earlier medications. Is there any foods, which can help her against osteoporosis? !!!!!What does it mean to have 91 for THYROID PEROXIDASE ANTIBODIES, <1 for THYROGLOBULIN ANTIBODIES, TSH 4.44, and T3, (liothyronine) TOTAL 72; no symptoms?!!!!!I have redness, swelling, white discharge, crusting, coughing and sneezing. Symptoms started a week before. I am concerned. !!!!!I feel sad to see my friend depressed. Is there any way that i can help her feel better?!!!!!Does having conditions like ADHD, neurofibromatosis, anxiety, asthma makes me liable to get my medical card?!!!!!What kind of therapies are done after a knee cap breaks?!!!!!How can warfarin alternatives work?!!!!!I am undergoing a ultrasound tomorrow and can a scar tissue on uterus or bladder be seen on the ultrasound?!!!!!I have being getting headaches for about 2 weeks, feeling really tired and fainted once which never happened before and loss of  appetite. what's wrong?!!!!!What tips do you have for designing an effective workout / nutrition plan?!!!!!Surg only way to diag endometriosis? Since Csection pain in hip during pms, bad cramps ultrasounds labs pap were fine dr not concerned hormone changes?!!!!!Strange or scary Ambien (zolpidem) side effects?!!!!!I am on mirena (levonorgesterol). Is it normal to get irregular period and brown discharge?!!!!!My mom was advised vitamin and supplements to incraese blood circulation to the knee, it's been 4 months. What can we do more? !!!!!Ana 160:1 with u1rnp 5 u/ml. Other lupus screens negative. Pulmonary hypertension, Renal failure reverses with bicarbonate (sodium bicarbonate). Can it be mtcd/sjogren?!!!!!36 weeks and dr said she felt babys head from vagina is labour close?!!!!!Can i get high liver enzymes due to prostatitis or scar tissue in the urinary tract due to past STD trauma?!!!!!How can dementia cause ANS dysfunction?!!!!!I have bulged discs between L1- L5 and it is giving me a lot of back pain, what can I do?!!!!!I had unprotected intercourse last night. I should be ovulating yesterday according to my period tracker. What are my chances of pregnancy?!!!!!I am 6 weeks pregnant. I have been reading articles about pregnancy care and I came across one that says chances of miscarriage are high during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. I am worried now, is this true? !!!!!I got injured recently. An ankle Xray was taken and I was diagnosed with fracture of talar dome by my doctor. I am on cast currently. Will my fracture heal completely and will I be able to play soccer ever?!!!!!Can you share some disease which are autosomal dominant and autosomal recessive?!!!!!Will small ovaru affect the chances of conception?!!!!!Can shaving penis give painful bumps?!!!!!How long it takes for measles rash to appear?!!!!!I am sixteen and a half year old and 5 feet 7 inches. Can bodybuilding affect my height in future? !!!!!Is there a connection between H.Pylori eradication and gaining weight?!!!!!I used an over the counter corn pad on my toe which had a sensitive callus and now it has gotten much worse and swollen. How can I heal my skin?!!!!!Not sure what this sounds like: Itching for 5+ years, no rashes, no hives. Blood tests normal. Seen all specialists including skin doctor, acupuncturist, allergy doctor AND a therapist.!!!!!Why do spider bites take so long to heal?!!!!!My friend has been diagnosed with a finctional heart murmur, I am so worried about her.. Cn you please help me to understnd what it is, what causes it and is it life threatening? I am sorry for so many questions, but I also want to know if my friend needs to take some precautions.!!!!!How do I know if I have depression and anxiety?!!!!!I've used nasal spray and have taken Claritin and mucinex (guaifenesin). is there anything I can do to taste again?!!!!!I have headache for last 2 weeks. I had CT scan done 7 times and one HIDA scan in last 2 years but I have been fine for last 6 months. I am healthy otherwise and I never had headache in the past. I think my headache is due to the radiation exposure. What should I do? Do you think there is a permanent damage due to the radiation?!!!!!What can cause a hard and dark stool?!!!!!What can help with eyebrow hairfall when Rogaine does not help?!!!!!What can cause light yellow vaginal discharge? Also sore vagina? STD tests all clear never had this before. Can long term abx be a cause?!!!!!How does implantation bleeding present?!!!!!I have developed a painful bump on my lips today. I showed it to my mom also and she thinks that it could be a cold sore. I have recently got sexually active and I do not wnat to get herpes. Are the cold sores caused by herpes and how I can be sure that the sore is not due to herpes?!!!!!My foot is numb and had sprained my ankle 2 weeks ago. Can you suggest some home remdies? !!!!!I am very sensitive and I am allergic to many things but not sure if I am allergic to scent. Do you think I can use perfumes on my clothes avoiding pulse points?!!!!!Is having a cystocele during the first pregnancy normal and does it cause any harm to the baby?!!!!!What are the commn side effects of Mecca Root pills?!!!!!Doctor I think I have mental illness. I am anxious and stressed. Which doctor should I see?!!!!!What are some post operative effects of fistulectomy? !!!!!What do you suggest if I'm 27 I have the problem of sperm ejaculation as soon as I insert my penis. How to control it?!!!!!What can cause loss of proteins in urine?!!!!!Could there be a special reason why the adult tooth that my son has is so pointy?!!!!!Should I be using ketone strips that have turned pinkish even before I've used them?!!!!!I am overweight, and unable to exercise due to hip conditions. Do you have any other tips for weight loss?!!!!!My friend is having endogenic hair fall. Can he take whey protein to increase the hair strength? !!!!!What are obsessive compulsive disorder (ocd) and tourette syndrome?!!!!!Every time, I use air freshener I start getting irritation, redness in my eyes and they start watering- Do you think I could be allergic to any of the ingredients of febreze plug in or could be some allergy to perfume?!!!!!What can cause a popping sound in the jaw when one chews?!!!!!Need expert help. I am thinking of using peppermint oil capsules to calm my ibs, is this a bad idea?!!!!!I underwent total knee replacement last year. I had to take antibiotic medications many times because I had to consult my dentist often. I am worried if I would develop resistance to antibiotic medications since I take it often?!!!!!I have tried benzoyl peroxide and antibacterial soap for my acne, but nothing helped. Is there anything else that I can try at home to get rid of the acne?!!!!!I am allergic to Percocet. What else can the doctor prescribe me for my pain? Not sure if Tylenol would do the trick.!!!!!Blood pressure is good sitting down 120/75. But just walking across room it goes to 140/90.  I'm not over weight or in bad shape. Should I be concern?!!!!!Why does stress cause acne?!!!!!I know, I shouldn't worry but  I am having jaw, chest and throat pain after just getting over with stoamch flu. I wonder, what it could be? !!!!!Does excessive masturbation over a long period of time cause back ache?!!!!!I have a problem with lower right side of the leg near the ankle. What could cause a problem like that?!!!!!I have a lipoma and am due to get an epidural or spinal block before my C section. If the needle pierces the lipoma, can it cause bleeding and an infection?!!!!!Hello doctor I smoke half a packet of cigarettes and I am obese. Also I am alcoholic. May I ask if I am in risk for getting a stroke?!!!!!Am I close to labor if my doctor felt the baby's head from the vagina?!!!!!Does a scaphoid wrist fracture always need surgery?!!!!!My daughter is having type ! diabetes and at the site on injection where she took insulin, there is pain, soreness and redness. Is it infected? !!!!!I took the morning after pill last sat am and started nuvaring that evening. I removed nuvaring 2 days ago and not started. That normal?!!!!!I had my wisdom tooth removed today and have been noticing headache, neck and ear pain on that side. Is this normal?!!!!!I got injured in the genital area a few months ago but I started experiencing dull ache last week when I lifted heavy weights. My doctor did a testicular scan, that showed 4 cysts and a prominent cord above testicle but no infection. I am worried because the pain is back on lifting heavy weights. Will I develop hernia? !!!!!Can you recover from planter falsities and if what is the recovery time?!!!!!What are some signs that will help me know that I have resporartory depression? I have been feling extremely tired.!!!!!Hell doctor, I am pregnant and I wanted to ask if I can take Benadryl for my allergies. Any input would be great. !!!!!Hey my ferritin level is 14.8 ng/ml ... do I need to take iron supplements ?I look pale and my MCV level is 84.4 ?!!!!!Aspirin allergy - is it worth getting a bracelet?!!!!!What would happen if someone mixed femara (letrozole) with human growth hormones?!!!!!May I know about the names of some of the warfarin alternatives? !!!!!What does spinning around do to the brain to cause you to vomit?!!!!!My sister sent me Dr. Reckeweg R53 Acne Vulgaris And Pimples Drop for my zits. Are you aware if this works?!!!!!I'm 22 yrs old and I think i may have orthostatic hypotension. I was wondering if my antidepressant could be causing this? I have been taking a dose higher than that given by my doctor. Could that result in overdose?!!!!!I have finished the course of antibiotic which was prescribed by my doctor but I still have dry cough, stuffy nose and occasional headache. The fever has subsided though. What do you suggest? Can I try something at home?!!!!!Can a man with impotence or erectile dysfunction ejaculate during sleep and have nocturnal emissions?!!!!!How do I know if I have a staph infection?!!!!!Can gum bleeding cause one's teeth to fall out?!!!!!Is hypno-therapy dangeorus?!!!!!I'm over 30 and I have acne only on my jaw line what can I do for it and could my husbands whiskers irritate and cause acne?!!!!!My sister has MS and she came across some website where people with MS can enroll for clinical trials but she is not sure if she needs to talk to her treating doctor about that before enrolling? Do you know what exactly are the requirements for such clinical trials?!!!!!I'm currently on diflucan (flucanazole) and was wondering if masturbating can get rid of it inside your body?!!!!!How does one get addicted to gambling?!!!!!My wife took Plan B and 6 days later she had spotting for a couple of days and wanted to know if she is pregnant. She has been off depo since a year.!!!!!Can I take prenatal pills for a healthier pregnancy?!!!!!Are the following blood levels of trigliceridos(234 mg/dl), got (ast )(37.4ui/l), gpt (alt)(59.3ui/l), gamma-gt (52.3ui/l) normal or should I be worried?!!!!!What causes inceased bilirubin levels in newborns?!!!!!Can UTI also result in bloody discharge along with other symptoms like stomach cramps and back pain?!!!!!Are there any at-home remedies for athlete's foot?!!!!!Please help! what is the surgery procedure called that removes the boney growth i know the first word is alveo?!!!!!I have a desk job and end up working on a PC the whole day. I have headaches everyday, can this be a symptom of astigmatism?!!!!!I have swollen lymph nodes in my thigh region, the doctor mention that it's 9mm. I can't feel any lymph node in the neck and armpit region. Do I have STD/STI? !!!!!How can I get rid of ths pain in my leg?!!!!!Can I get rid of H.Pylori without antibiotics?!!!!!What are some causes of premature ejaculation?!!!!!Right side sharp pains, bottom of rib cage?!!!!!I have dizziness, that has been bothering me for last few months. I experience ear ache as well sometimes. I have sinusitis since childhood but I don't have stuffy nose, pain in cheeks. Do I have ear infection? What should I do for relief?!!!!!In case of urinary incontinence in a patient with myocardial infarction, what are the options to help the patient pass urine except a urinary catheter?!!!!!Can Hep A spread via sharing cigarettes or alcohol bottoes of an infected person?!!!!!Will I be getting as many nutrients as needed if I take only a liquid diet but throw up everyday because of gastroparesis? I am worried about my health.!!!!!Can a virus cause a swelling of the brain?!!!!!I am not sure about twin pregnancy but clomiphene citrate 100mg is usually advised for conception, mostly a 5 day regimen is advised. May I know, what did your doctor say? !!!!!Been having a headache, dizziness and some photophobia recently, what could it be?!!!!!Does oxycodone cause increased sensitivity to sound? I have been experiencing this for a while, it feels like someone is talking loud. !!!!!I noticed a brown discharge and itching in my vaginal area to the point that it hurts. I am also on birth control and have sexual intercourse. What do you think is causing this?!!!!!I have had sinus issues for a while now. My mom says vinegar would help with them. Is it true? I sort of tried it today...!!!!!How can I overcome gastric reflux and a low GB Ejaction fraction? Do I need to see a doctor?!!!!!Are there any published studies on the effect of peppermint oil on IBS?!!!!!I have been using ovulation strip tests and indicated that I ovulated  2 days back and had unprotected sex. Can I get pregnant?!!!!!What is the treatment of ganglion cyst on the wrist?!!!!!I am having leg pain along with limping even after a 10 min walk. US revealed diffuse thickening and edema of the gastrocenemius. I am icing the region, have appointment with my MD next month. Do I need surgery? !!!!!It is safe to take 20mg of Zyrtec (cetirizine) daily? I take it in the morning but 12 hrs later I am suffering. If I don't take another one at night I dont sleep.!!!!!What to do if I'm beginning to have the 'turkey neck' problem. Do you know of any flex exercises that might help me?!!!!!I fell down 2 months back and my knee is swollen even now. Is this arthritis?!!!!!How is gastritis treated medically?!!!!!Can adrenal gland disorders be cured?!!!!!Bright red blood on TP after first wipe after BM; then other wipes no more blood. I drink way to much pop and very little water...if that matters. ?!!!!!What is the treatment for yeast infections? I am asking this because my blood is thin and I have a risk if internal bleeding.!!!!!Can using a conditioner cause an ingrown hair problem in the beard area?!!!!!Could you apprise me of the symptoms of diptheria? !!!!!Are rectal fissures and hemorrhoids one and the same thing?!!!!!When is the right time to take a pregnancy test? I have severe headaches, nausea, dizziness along with a faint line on a pregnancy test.!!!!!My entire left side of my body has a sharp pain going through my whole left side of my body. I have a sharp pain in my neck and around my heart what s?!!!!!Rash all over body starts on head itchy but bearable, then spreads all over body rapidly first looks like nettle sting but then turns extremely red ?!!!!!My first sonogram said I was 7 weeks pregnant due date 3/22. Next appointment (5 weeks later) sono measured bby at 13weeks. Duedate changed to 3/15. Y?!!!!!I started having this random pain in my leg, what should I do?!!!!!Do punctal plugs have an increased benefit over artificial tears for treating dry eyes after Lasik?!!!!!What are some other ways to help control itching due to poison ivy other than methylprednisone?!!!!!I became a little plump but didn't gain weight significantly. I understand the reason could be eating fast because I do that a lot. What should I do to lose this weight apart from being on a diet?!!!!!What are the common side effects of blood pressure medications?!!!!!My LMP - 11-13/18 and had unprotected sex on Novemeber 25th. May I ask when does implantation bleeding occur. !!!!!How can I have natuarally bi breasts? Are there some exercises or foods for the same?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am 26 year old male wth progressive venous insufficiency. One year of conservative management failed. I am advised surgery as I have positive family history. Can surgery be delayed? !!!!!What is the safety of odomos during pregnancy?!!!!!What are vasopressors?!!!!!How to lose tummy fats?!!!!!How long does it take to recover from surgery for rotator cuff injury with labral tear? Will I be able to lift weights?!!!!!I have a party tonight and I took my last dose of Azithromycin this morning. Can I have a few drinks?!!!!!Could you apprise me of some legitimate plastic surgeons dealing with cleft lip? !!!!!My nipples have been extremely sore since may 14 its june 26 & recently my lower right side has been killing me, but I started birth control on may 11?!!!!!How long does it take for the heart to appear enlarged on an X-ray?!!!!!I am on penicillin for about a month now, a week ago I started seeing my period but by the afternoon it stopped. Can penicillin delay periods?!!!!!Is an eye surgery through laser painful?!!!!!Can you suggest some exercises that I can try for back pain?!!!!!What complications can one expect after taking a vaccine for Lyme disease?!!!!!I was diagnosed with bladder polyps last year. I noticed blood in urine today and I have flank pain. I think I developed kidney stones and I am very worried. Do you think my bladder polyps in any way may have led to the development of kidney stones?!!!!!I have asthma.  I take proventil (albuterol) but i still have trouble breathing--what can I do for this?!!!!!What is the treatment of scapula, tiba and fibula fractures?!!!!!Can you please tell me what foods help with nausea and vomiting? !!!!!What are PVCs? Are they harmful?!!!!!I missed my period for 3 months after I lost my virginity and has never happened earleir. I did take plan b thrice last month. Can that affect my period?!!!!!I am 42 I have only had my period 4 times in the last year. I get pain in my stomach but nothing happens. Any ideas why this could be occurring?!!!!!What can I use for hives on my arm? Is Benadryl okay while taking antibiotics?!!!!!What to do if I have blood in stool?!!!!!How does an ear tube work?!!!!!Could you educate me about neuromytonia also known as issacs syndrome? !!!!!Is there any way to prevent PMS symptoms such as irritability, bloating, being moody?!!!!!What is the managament of painless lumps in the breast tissue along with dimpling over the nipple? My tubes were tied 6 years back when I had my last son. !!!!!Purple fluid filled sack on scalp grew over several months, popped when squeezed. Resembled skin tag. Concerned of cancer. Nothing for doc to check?!!!!!When I have my shoes on or off i feel like sand is under the bottom of my feet along with s tingling sensation?!!!!!I have recently turned vegetarian. What sort of vegetable curries do you recommend and how many times in a day to stay healthy?!!!!!My toddler has a rash on her arms and buttocks. Is there something I can use on the rash to make her feel better?!!!!!What causes erectile dysfunction? Can Cialis cause high blood pressure?!!!!!Extension from my last question. There's vaginal discharge too so ce I'm ovulating. Could that cause the itching?!!!!!I have severe left arm pain. I am worried it could be heart attack. Can you tell me what could be the cause?!!!!!My red blood cells stay around 5.6-5.9 all the time. Hemaglobin always between 16.9-18.0 and hematocrit always between 50-55%. Is this dangerous?!!!!!I have Tourettes Syndrome since childhood and I think I have Obsessive compulsive disorder recently. What are the chances for these to coexist?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am 16 years and have acne, obesity, delayed cycles, mood swings, etc.. My doctor diagnosed me with PCOS. I am prescribed oral contraceptive pills. Is this the right treatment? !!!!!Does Acyclovir cause ulcers when it is prescribed for genital herpes? !!!!!My wife has been experiencing continuous pain in the left lower sdie and has been to the doctor, but did not find any abnormality. The pain seems to be lasting all day. What could it be?!!!!!I have diptheria symptoms. Could you suggest some home remedies?!!!!!Are all lymph node removal surgeries cancerous in nature? Can you share some sources?!!!!!Is it possible for some people to be born with both male and female chromosomes?!!!!!I have very high prolactine because of a puritary tumor and I'm on antidepressants too. Is there some correlation?!!!!!Would it be wise to take my almost 6 month old daughter to the ER for a fever, runny nose, cough and diarrhea?!!!!!Can fibroadenomas turn into breast cancer?!!!!!I very often have dull pain in the lower left abdomen. Although bearable, should I still be concerned due to its frequent occurance and see a doctor?!!!!!What does blood in stool mean?!!!!!I have been prescrribed on valium for alcohol withdrawals and have been feeling restless, dizzy, ligthheaded and drowsy. I'm unable to sleep well and feel agitated. Is this normal?!!!!!I went for trecking a couple of days ago and I got mosquito bites, that itch all over my body from head to toe. I noticed this morning that the bites have increased in size and are combined with other bites, that look a little different. What should I do for relief?!!!!!I fast 16 hours eat 8. But for 8 hours I eat three meals. So should I keep my meals together so I don't start fasting or can they be spread out  ?!!!!!I am unable to get tooth extraction, my dentist is unable to give me anesthesia. Wouldn't antibiotics help with this since it has been going on for about 4-5 weeks? Should I go to ER?!!!!!I need help doctor. I happened to lift weights an hour after getting blood drawn and noticed a blood filled bump at the site where I got the needle prick. Should I be worried?!!!!!So the bf is disgusted by my stretch marks. What can I do to get rid of them?!!!!!Would a shattered scapula take longer to heal than a compound tib fib fracture?!!!!!How can I cure my back pain?!!!!!Can cetaphyl give allergic reaction? I used cetaphyl and my daughter got dry, irritated lips.!!!!!What are some conditions/diseases that can cause excessive hair growth for a female?!!!!!I am thinking of becoming an occupational therapist. Any advice?!!!!!Which antibiotics interact with BC pills and reduce their efficacy?!!!!!Are there ways to prevent frostbites while handling frozen foods?!!!!!My family and friends mentioned that I talk in my sleep with eyes open but I do not recollect any of them. Should I be worried?!!!!!Does it make a difference if I take Inositol in pill or powder form?!!!!!My mom has been experiencing numbness in head, dizziness, neck pain for last couple of months. We consulted her doctor and a CT scan was done. He said it could be cervical sponylosis and we are awaiting reports. In the meanwhile, is there anything that she can try for relief?!!!!!I was using the bathroom and was cleaning the toilet after I finished I had a bandaid on both hands I raised the seat to clean it looked like dryblood?!!!!!What are the common side effects of aspirin when it is taken to prevent heart attacks?!!!!!Sunlight is considered as a good source of vitamin d, right?  !!!!!Are there any medications I can take to increase my height?!!!!!Does genetic play a role in the causation of Leukemia particularly AML and APL?!!!!!What does penicillin sensitivity present with?!!!!!What are the possible causes of blood in vomit?!!!!!I got a root extraction done 5 days ago but it still hurts a lot. I took the pain killer medications, that my dentist prescribe but that helps only for a while. Is there anything, that I can do for relief at home?!!!!!Can you please tell me why it'simportant to promote healthy eating for children and young people?!!!!!What to do if I cannot stop eating fatty foods. How can I stop?!!!!!I am noticing little red bumps on the skin near my labia?!!!!!What are the drug interactions between Letrozole and HGH?!!!!!Is a cbct or an x-ray good enough for a dentist to know if there is a need for a sinus lift in prep for dental implants(I'd go for a cbct anyway)?!!!!!How can we rule out DVT? What symptoms should I look out for and what tests can be done?!!!!!How can I stop my hands getting chaped and dry ?!!!!!My usual BP is 110/74 and I want to know if 124/66 is normal because I am feeling edgy and wired right now?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with scalp psoriasis. What are the treatment options available?!!!!!What are the types of epilepsy?!!!!!What are some common genetic disorders? I am expecting my first baby, hence wanted to know about genetic disorders.!!!!!I am almost 36 weeks pregnant and I have noticed a lot of clear fluid from my breast and lower abdominal pains. Am I going into labor?!!!!!I have been getting very bad headcahes on and off for the past 6 months. I also have some nausea, sensitivity to light. I searched online and I think I have migraine... Do you think my headache could be due to migraine?!!!!!My life is ruined. Do you think my anxiety/depression are the active contributors? !!!!!What factors play a role in the causation of a heart attack?!!!!! Hello doctor. I was worried about having STD, so got hsv2 IgG Elisa done 70 days after the protected intercourse, my levels are 2.16. Am I safe? Two doctor's whom I have consulted, mentioned that I am fine. !!!!!What in your opinion could be the possible cause for episodic engorgement and distention of neck vessels? And why does it get better with daily replacement doses (20mg) of hydrocortisone?!!!!!I think I am diabetic as I am urinating a lot, will my doctor be able to detect it? !!!!!I was zip lining and at the end of the zip line was a block of about 50 pounds. I was going at about 30 mph and slammed my heel in it. Now it's purple and swollen. What should I do?!!!!!What are some tests that help diagnose respiratory depression?!!!!!When should I see a doctor for my toddler's fever? It's been around 103 all day and has peaked at 103.7. No other symptoms.!!!!!My eyes have been feeling dry for the past couple of days. Then, I noticed mild redness, irritation in eye, clear mucus which turned yellow. I have mucus in my throat also, not sure if it might be related to my eye issue. !!!!!I noticed a bump on my right labia, which has been hurting and itching, worse when I sit down. I haven't had sex in a year. What do you think it could be?!!!!!I am 15 years and sustained an injury in the scrotal area a week back and has swelling. Is it a hydrocele? !!!!!Periodic numbness in left arm that comes with short chest pains and me gasping for air. All conditions come and go. What's going on?!!!!!Got depo on 3rd day of period. Had unprotected sex w/ husband 1 week and a day later after depo shot. Am I protected against pregnancy?!!!!!Is it hard to diagnose genetic disorders?!!!!!What treatment do you suggest me to treat endometrium and ovarian cyst?!!!!!Could you educate me about the main symptoms of HIV?  !!!!!Here are the details of my ultrasound done at my 35 weeks (high risk) appointment.. Baby's growth is at 22 perecntile, weight is 4 lbs and 14 oz. Does it affect the baby if it drops to 20 percentile?!!!!!Diverticulitis cause lower backache?!!!!!What can someone do for heart disease?!!!!!I am 40, and I've had a breast lump in my right breast for about 4 years now. Could it be cancer?!!!!!My mom has been tired, dizzy always and looks pale for last 3 weeks. Her CBC showed anemia and she was prescribed iron supplements. Should she take the supplements or intake of iron rich foods would be helpful?!!!!!My daughter is 3 and I noticed small bruises all over her body yesterday. She didn't fall or had any injury. I didn't apply any new cream on her. I have scheduled an appointment with her pediatrician but I am very worried. What could be the cause?!!!!!I have acne spots on the face and seem like red and black warts. Can warts occur on face as well?!!!!!Cycle was 2 weeks late with negative preg tests. Period was 14 days of light to medium bleeding. Now I have thick brown discharge.!!!!!What factors increase the causation of oral/genital herpes?!!!!!My 3 month old baby fell from the bed and continuously cried. He has now stopped crying but is refusing feeds. Should I take him to the doctor?!!!!!I need some advice, on how to manage anxiety and depression? They have been ruining my life. !!!!!I have had depression for long and I am on SSRI. Is there any other susbstiute for SSRI to help with depression and anxiety? !!!!!Is aloe vera good for the acne on my face and arms?!!!!!I have been having intense back spasms. Could it be a herniated disc?!!!!!My mom is about 75 yesrs old. Her BP and sugar r under control. Sometimes her urination frequency increases despite normal sugar. Whst could be problm?!!!!!Should I see a doctor about possibly anxiety/depression issues? I haven't been feeling like myself lately. I've taken several online depression/anxiety inventories and they've all come back that I have moderate/severe qualities of depression, however I do!!!!!What is gastrointestinal influenza? Is it contagious?!!!!!Frequent unbearable leg cramps, what is the fastest way to relieve pain?!!!!!What remedies help to have a regular bowel movement?!!!!!How can I stop pain from shaving my face?!!!!!The skin near by labia, seems a bit swollen, does that mean I have an STD?!!!!!What ingredients in a fabric softener can cause allergies?!!!!!What happens if HPV goes away on its own, can it still be spread?!!!!!Are increased liver enzymes a residual effect of giardiasis even if it was treated with medication?!!!!!I have an appointment with my psychiatrist in the coming week but wanted to know if I could take my allergy medicines at night along with my antipsychotic medicine Seroquel? Do they have any interactions?!!!!!What does it mean to have sporadic headaches?!!!!!I have noticed some black scarring in my eye? What could it be? And will it go away on it's own?!!!!!Is there any other anti-cancer drug other than aromasin that might help with breast cancer?!!!!!Does taking pills with cool water make them ineffective?!!!!!I am breatsfeeding my daughter, is it safe to take a mammogram for  F/u on fibrocystic changes in my left breast?!!!!!Watery eyes been usimg restasis for a month I've tried refresh which caused discomfort what eye drops do you reccomend to stop the eyes from watering ?!!!!!Can anxiety cause chest pain?!!!!!Had a misscariage at 13 weeks last night but I want to conceive fast again. How long do I need to wait before trying for pregnancy?!!!!!What could be causing me to experience symptoms like an increased appetite and strong bowel movements?!!!!!Does one get symptoms like sore nipples all through the pregnancy?!!!!!What conditions present with a heart murmur?!!!!!Can herpes cause sores on the lips?!!!!!My expected due date of period is 16th April and my cycles have been always regular. I got my Mirena (levonorgestrel) removed and started bleeding. How long will this bleeding last?!!!!!I have memory loss and I have been on statins for a while. If I take a medication for memory loss, will that medication interact with statins and decrease its effectiveness?!!!!!How to tell what I am having an allergic reaction to?!!!!!One my child is diagnosed with hemophilia and now I am pregnant with second child and is there any chance that my second child will have hemphilia as well?!!!!!Can long term use of eyedrops like Refresh or Restasis worsen watery eyes? I have been using it for a month and I feel like it has worsened.!!!!!I have an infected cyst and I completed the prescribed antibiotic course of medications yesterday but I still experience the symptoms though mild. How long should it take for the symptoms to subside completely?!!!!!What are the signs of ovulation?!!!!!I think I have a weeping blister on toe, how do I know if it's a simple shoe bite or an infection?!!!!!HSV 1+2 Serum test resut- 1.77 & HSV Type 1+2 PCR DNA result NegativeH. Can't understand the difference between two results.!!!!!If I have sex the day before I ovulate when would I conceive?!!!!!I have noticed long standing groin bump (around one year) turning red and painful, gives burning sensation in the last two days. !!!!!Why does my back hurt when I breathe or bend over? Its kind of in my upper middle back but just on the right side.!!!!!How long does it take to heal from a tubuligation reversal?!!!!!I have lower abdominal pain for some time now. I was diagnsoed with a UTI but did not receive treatment. Could it be returning?!!!!!The 2nd person closest to me had a cold sore and passed it to  the person next to me who hit it and passed it to me (glass pipe) am i at risk?!!!!!My daughter had her recent appointment and tests like x-ray and EKG were done, which did not find any abnormality. Chest examination showed added sounds and breathing difficulty but was sent home. What should we do next?!!!!!Why do i feel pain on my left arm?!!!!!I have eye pain and green discharge from the eyes since 1 week. Do I have conjunctivitis?!!!!!Is there some form of local anaesthesia that can be used to numb the skin before drawing blood? I'm just too scared of needles.!!!!!Can sexual intercourse stimulate one's appetite and gut movements?!!!!!I have been dealing with phlegm, shortness of breath and cold symptoms which have become worse in the past 10 days. I have chest pain and when I wake up, my eyelids are sealed with mucus. I am worried if it is common cold or could be it something worrisome. What should I do now? Do I need to visit a doctor?!!!!!Which foods help to lose weight?!!!!!My grandfather has impaired congnition due to a brain tumor. Can he recover completely?!!!!!I have pubic bone pain for last 3 days and it has been getting worse. My period ended yesterday. What could be the cause?!!!!!What is best position of a fetus at seventh month?!!!!!Does ovarian cancer cause leg numbness and foot swelling?!!!!!My sister was diagnosed with severe hypothyroidism and has symptoms like weakness in the arms, pain in the feet, dry skin on the feet, etc. What dosage of medication should she take for these symptoms to get resolved?!!!!!32 weeks pregnant. Headache strange leg weakness. Should I call doctor?!!!!!My gf had her period then after 2days. We had sex she took planb its been 2week already she hasnt had her period is it because she just had her period?!!!!!My 7 year old suffers from severe seasonal allergies and has been prescribed daily doses of antihistamine, can you suggest any natural remedies?!!!!!I have hypermobile joints and my right arm, elbow, shoulder and muscles hurt almost all the time. I was diagnosed with Ehler Danlos Syndrome and I am worried about its complications. Would I develop arthritis early in age?!!!!!Are there any natural ways to stop my period without having to visit a local doctor?!!!!!Is it normal for my arm to feel numb all the time? I cannot even move it. :( !!!!!What are the symptyoms of A chronic fatigue syndrome?!!!!!I'm 33 smoker stomach inflammation gastritis I had an abortion 11 yrs ago, I can't get pregnant after 10 yrs why??confused!!!!!Are effects of hypno-therapy permanent? I heard they can be dangerous. Is it true?!!!!!Is fecal bacteria really unhealthy compared to other bacteria when you are pregnant?!!!!!The swelling and tenderness in front of the ear has subsided along with ear pain but I am still having difficulty while opening the jaw. Should I see the doctor? !!!!!Can someone donate lungs after they die?!!!!!Could anybody get neurapothy in forearms and hands?!!!!!Interested in yoga but don't know which one to do to help me relax. What should I do?!!!!!I had unprotected sex 7 or so days before my periodthree days later I had light bloodthat lasted for two days instead of usual 7. Am I pregnant?!!!!!I have vomiting and itchy throat? Can I know about the causes?!!!!!I am bleeding again while I finshed my period 2 weeks back.It is making me nauseous. Please help. !!!!!Can't get rid of my athletics feet. It's been bothering me for awhile now   ?!!!!!What causes recurrent headaches, cold sweats, neck pain and pain behind the eyes?!!!!!How long it takes for ovulation to get back on track after an abortion?!!!!!I have been prescribed alendronate/fosamax for ostoporosis. Does these medication gives you side effects? Has anyone from your practice has reported about them?!!!!!What do you suggest if my son has cerebral palsy, school does not have room for him or lvn for his meds?!!!!!Is deep sleep affected by continuous background noises?!!!!!Has anyone studied the positives or negatives of spanking?!!!!!What medications help to lower heart rate? !!!!!I love peanut butter but I am allergic to peanuts. Can you give me a good substiture for peanut butter?!!!!!I got a depo shot last month and I feel I have been more irritable after that. I have not had a period so far, just noticed brown vaginal discharge. Do you thik it could be due to depo shot?!!!!!I missed my period and I had protected intercourse but the condom slipped, I am not sure if he ejaculated inside vagina. I have PCOS and my cycles have always been irregular. Should I be worried about pregnancy?!!!!!May I know what foods should one avoid if they have genital herpes?!!!!!Is it bad if a diabetic has an erractic meal scheule, say fasting for 16 hours and then eating everything in the rest of the 8 hours? !!!!!I have lost a lot of weight because of using meth for about a year. Is there anything else I can do apart from eating healthy to put on some weight?!!!!!I have been told that I have too much hair growth on my face. But I notice many others have hair growth on the face so I am not sure when it is concerning. Can you help?!!!!!What can cause a bluish bump under the tongue?!!!!!I lost my closed one in an accident recently and I feel very low, tired of life, distressed. I am not able to sleep well at night and I feel drowsy at work, that disturbs my routine life. I gained weight as well and I think of commiting suicide sometimes. Do I have major depression?!!!!!Tinnitus 35 yrs. Quiet till breakdown May.Squealing. Up and down.ENT dr thinks stress is cause.Good sign noises vary so.Treatstress and it will recede?!!!!!What kind of changes are normal with age as seen on an MRI of the brain?!!!!!Does the dad or the mom carry the height gene for a daughter?!!!!!What is an anti-nuclear antibody test for in immunology?!!!!!I think my son might be developing some bow legs, could walking on soft mattreses have anything to do with it?!!!!!What symptoms will I have if  I have strep throat?!!!!!How would you suggest managing small bumps from injuries during workouts?!!!!!What is the chance of contacting oral/genital herpes by sharing food from the same plate?!!!!!I had unprotected sex on 6th Feb and I got my period on 17th Feb but I am still worried about my chances of pregnancy. I took pregnancy test at home 3 times today and all came back negative. But just to be on safe side, can I take cyclenorm E & P?!!!!!Me and my finace are trying for conception. Any tips?!!!!!I had 2 chest x rays done 2 different times with portable mechine I seen the image but did not see the ribs just lungs is that possible.!!!!!I have been diagnosed with gastritis and diagnosed with omeprazole. I have few green stools of middling consistency. Is this a side effect of the medication. !!!!!Can orchitis problem effect my digestion or cause drooling ?!!!!!I was cleaning bathroom and noticed dry blood. Had bandaid on both hands and I am concerned. !!!!!Hello doctor, can you please let me know about the treatment of burns?!!!!!It is true that we should not drink pills or vit. w/ a cool water?!!!!!Mild uncovertebral joint hypertrophy c5c6 eccentric to right; mild t-spine scoliosis, bilat pars defect l4, foram stenosis at l4l5 - is surgery needed?!!!!!Is it ok to have Valium when taking sinemet (carbidopa and levodopa) 100/25 & rapid. My sister has dystonia and is in hospital and docs there never heard of dystonia.!!!!!6mm ground glass ill defined upper left lung what percentage that its not cancer I am getting another CT scan in dec. To check for growth?!!!!!My sister got a fistulectomy done and seems to have some issues like bleeding. Should see see the doctor in person?!!!!!What can cause hematuria with sharp pain in urq of abdomen nausea dizziness and water retention catscan ultrasound urine culture normal no fever?!!!!!Has anyone else had nasty side effects from taking alendronate/fosamax for osteoporosis?!!!!!I took Plan B on Feb. 11th, 2015 after having unprotected sex two days before. Now tonight I had protected sex, but the condom broke. I am wondering if the Plan B is still effective 5 days later? And if not, is it safe to consume another Plan B pill?!!!!!I heard that the heart rate can be higher when one has fever. I have a fever because of the flu, is it dangerous or is it expected because of the fever?!!!!!What eye drops would help in stopping watery eyes apart from Restasis and Refresh?!!!!!Does a strep throat bacteria linger in your towels, bedding etc and can they infect other people around you?!!!!!I have been experiencing sporadic headaches. What does that indicate?!!!!!Hello doctor, I have abnormal odor from my vagina. How can I make it smell nice?!!!!!What make a 7 months old baby safer than delivering an 8 months old premature baby? !!!!!I have circles under the eyes. The only thing that I have started doing lately is drinking milk, can this be causing an allergy?!!!!!I'm snowed in and in the 4th day of an extreme sore throat, cough and possible fever. Swallowing is very painful, and the cough is constant tickle?!!!!!20yrs Female. Fever at night, goes away by morning.Saliva dries out quickly during day.Swollen tonsil, swelling is reducing. What to do?!!!!!I got tested last week and my doctor said I have gall stones. I have abdominal and right flank pain. The itch, that I had all over the body lasted for 2 weeks. Should I get a surgery done?!!!!!If a man's fingers or his penis has semen stuck to it and he inserts the same in the vagina, can a girl get pregnant?!!!!!I am 28 years old female trying to conceive from past 1 year. My test results are following- sperms normal, hsg normal, tsh-2.85, estrodiol-20.8, fsh-9.68, lh-5.63,prolactin-24.1, amh-0.62, afc-0,3. Are these results normal?!!!!!Orthostatic hypotension. I put table salt in a pint of water a few times a day and drink it. Can i overdose and die from the salt? Male 22.!!!!!Can MRSA result in nausea and sleepiness? Or do you think my diabetes could be the cause of these symptoms?!!!!!Do you have any ideas about exercises that can enhance recovery from chondromalacia patella?!!!!!When do you need to seek medical help with MRSA it's red swollen and hurt been kinda sleepy lately and nausea I'm a diabetic sugar been high?!!!!!Do you think I have eczema if my hands are extremely dry, scaly and chapped?!!!!!Is burning sensation in the eye expected after using Lumigan 0.1 IOP? Should I go see the doctor immediately or wait until my appointment next week?!!!!!I had a cold about a week and a half ago. Now I'm having very strong headaches and a pain on my left nasal, feels like the bone hurts on my left nasal?!!!!!Can one detect ovarian cancer with a blood test?!!!!!How is orchitis treated?!!!!!How long does the implantation bleeding last? Is is as heavy as normal periods?!!!!!I am struggling to gain one pound, do I have some kind of genetic disorder?!!!!!If on some days, I take my BC pills a few hours late, is that alright?!!!!!From past 3 days, I have not taken the Prozac( flouxetine) 20 mg, which I had earlier taken for 4 days. Do you think, it's out of my system? How long does it take for it to get out of the system? !!!!!I have been experiencing recurrent headaches for the last month. What can I try to help relieve the pain?!!!!!What are the causes of problems like diabetes, kidney failure, diabetes, hypertension?!!!!!I have a ingrown toenail for about 2 years now and I want to get surgery but in 5 months, is it bad to wait 5 mnths to get surgery.?!!!!!How do you know the difference between diverticulitis and colitis?!!!!!I am having  lower back stiffness, weight loss and thick lips. What should I do? !!!!!Which body parts can be donated after you die?!!!!!My doctor advised me Clomid. On which days of the cycle should I take it to increase chances of getting pregnant, if I have a 33 days cycle?!!!!!Can a spider bite be managed at home or should you always see a doctor for it?!!!!!How frequent should I get my orthotics  for flat feet checked and replaced? What is the advice you can give me to avoid injury during a 5k run?!!!!!How much weight is it safe to lose in a month?!!!!!I was recently treated for gonorrhea but still have foul smelling discharge. Did my treatment work?!!!!!Is oxycodone prescribed to manage pain occurring because of migraine?!!!!!Got period twice in last month. Can I be pregnant?!!!!!We had unprotected sex 4 days back while I experienced two period last month. Now I am bleeding ever since we had an intercourse. !!!!!I have been getting nightmares during my sleep for a few weeks. I am on anti-depressants and I have been hallucinating too. Do you think these could be side effects of the anti-depressant I am taking?!!!!!I patella is tender but there is no visible swelling in that area. It hurts and pops on bending my knee and I feel pressure around patella. What could be the cause. !!!!!What are some abdominal work out exercises and stretches to help loose belly fat?!!!!!I'm a young MTF and I want to start hormone replacement therapy. Is aldactone (spironolactone) 100-mg/day a good choice?!!!!!What is the cause of back pain? Lower Right side to the middle. Really bothering. Nothing changes in life style. Have lower abdominal discomfort too!!!!!What is the reason for fluid coming out right after intercourse?!!!!!My period has been absent for 7 months now and pregnancy has been excluded. I notice occasional abdominal discomfort but is not significant. What could be wrong?!!!!!Can multicystic pancreas cause cancer in the long term?!!!!!I have asthma and I am on an inhalor. I have an appointment scheduled with my doctor tomorrow. Should I carry my inhaler to the doctor's clinic?!!!!!Can I have a baby after having an heart attack?!!!!!I recently had my follow up visit 8 months after I underwent breast surgery and now notice swelling of the arm. Is this related to the surgery?!!!!!Every once in a while I get flare ups of non ithchy random red patches on my torso, neck and back which disappear on their own. What's happening? !!!!!I'm 48 years old and I dont have frequent erections but I do take blood pressure meds plus cialis is there any help for me or is it all in my head?!!!!!Is it okay to get a tattoo when I am on Effient, Temsig, Ramipril, aspirin with a history of having 2 stents and a heart attack in the last 18 months?!!!!!Ultrasound shows enlarged gland with at least 3 nodules the biggest being 3.6 CM * 3.2cm.  the nodule is solid with increased vascularity. Diagnosis?!!!!!What are the uses of Letrozole and HGH?!!!!!I recently had an abortion at 9 weeks, underwent D&C and have been noticing bleeding. How long does it last?!!!!!How can I check at home if I am pregnant or not?!!!!!Im an 18  year old female and lately i think I have been showing signs of bi-polar disorder, what should I do?!!!!!Hello i noticed I have a small black dot  on my gum the mark takes up the surface area of the very tip of my gum tissue.The part looks like a triangle?!!!!!I am 23 years old and still have not started getting normal period. Why should a female get her cycles? Is something wrong with me?!!!!!I just had a mental breakdown and don't want to go to work as it's causing it, how long would I need to take off? !!!!!Can Zoloft and birth control interact?!!!!!What is the maximum amount of Valium someone can take without overdosing?!!!!!Legs are always cold even when I am sweating badly and feet and toes go numb. Why?!!!!!Can antibiotics like Trimethoprim and Gabapentin taken together cause any major side effects?I am taking the Gabapentin for headaches.!!!!!Blood in urine, pain in flank. No burning, frequency. Bladder polyps or kidney stones?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am sure I have UTI? May I ask what are the remedies and treatments to help?!!!!!What causes a pulsatile feeling on the right side of the forehead?!!!!!Should I be doing pushups if I have a high blood pressure?!!!!!I have been on birth control for a month and my period is due in 3 days. I have had some nausea for the past 2-3 days. Is it because of the birth control or could I be pregnant?!!!!!I do unprotected sex with a prostitute after 28 days I go for hiv duo test the result is non reactive 0.07 is it conclusive?!!!!!Why do my ears "pop" when I am weight lifting?!!!!!Swollen glans in my armpit. Can you suggest some home remedies? !!!!!I have dry, chaped lips with a cold sore. How long does it take to heal?!!!!!A BNP value less than 10 pg/ML can rule out CHF or some serious heart problem? Thanks!!!!!Does anyone know how to get rid of acid indigestion easily?!!!!!Besides urinating a lot, what are other symptoms of diabetes? My doctor says I am diabetic. !!!!!What is the best way to clean the perineum?!!!!!My mother is a diabetic and is hypertesnive as well but her blood pressure and blood sugar have been under control for some time now but she complains of increase in frequency of urination, I am not sure what could be the cause. !!!!!What causes anal fissures?!!!!!I have IBS and recently, I notice that I experience symptoms only in the day and subsides at night. Is it typical of IBS?!!!!!Which are the top machines and work outs for cellulite on the butt and thighs?!!!!!Supposing that cancer has spread from an origin, is that secondary cancer treated differently?!!!!!I have been on klonopin (clonazepam) for my gad for about 4 years, 2mg a day. How long will the withdrawals last? Or when is it out of my system?!!!!!Why do I have late discharge when doing sex with my wife?!!!!!Are there good OTC remedies for labyrinthitis?!!!!!My doctor have prescribed me medication for my suicidal ideation. When will the medication start working? !!!!!Just came back from our family doctor's office and he mentioned that my daughter might have endometriosis or ovarian cysts which are giving her heavy and irregular periods. We are still waiting for results of scan and blood work, but I wanted to know what treatment is usually suggetsted if she is diagnosed with these conditions?!!!!!How long do the symptyoms of caffeine overdose stay for?!!!!!My child has cancer, can parents get it from their child? !!!!!Is vaginal itching normal during ovulation?!!!!!I am really scared about blood clots, can a clot from my period cause a stroke or an embolism?!!!!!Is memory loss related to statins?!!!!!I was under the impression that olive oil is healthy and started using it ever since I started being on a diet for weight loss. I recently came across an article, that said olive oil had equal number calories as in any other oil. Can you explain how bad is it to use olive oil in diet?!!!!!How to deal with someone acting childish?!!!!!My eyebrows and hair fallout a lot and my eyebrows don't grow back atall or grow really fast. I even used rogaine (minoxidil) to grow my eyebrows &didn't work.!!!!!Could you give me some tips for muscle gain while at the gym? Any specific exercises?!!!!!How can I stop myself from masturbating so frequently?!!!!!I am scheduled for an appointment with my dentist for amalgam filling in my tooth. Does it hurt?!!!!!Do you think being stressed for a year or so can have effects on hair? I am 34 year old male and have gray hair. Do you have any tips?!!!!!My child is a sore loser. Any suggestions?!!!!!What is astigmatism and high myopia category? My doctor says I have them. !!!!!I have an  infected tooth. Can I get the teeth removed at dentist? !!!!!Can growth hormone taken in minimal quantities increase height after 21 years in a male?!!!!!Are there any tips to get a good sleep?!!!!!What to do if I have a very flat butt. it almost doesn't exist. what are some tips/exercises that could give me a nice butt?!!!!!My mother is having burning sensation in her left hand she is a diabetic patient and having asthma problem please help me what does it mean?!!!!!My daughter has a lot of pimples. Can hormone imbalance cause that?!!!!!Is a brain injury/ brain damage considered to be the same as a mental illness?!!!!!What is locking of back called as?!!!!!What are the common causes of heart murmur?!!!!!Does anxiety present differently in teens vs adults?!!!!!Can you tell me about the most common genetic disorder?!!!!!Since I was a child my joints have always clicked but over the years it has got very painful special when it rains or I am cold? How do I fix?!!!!!How can I address a gambling addiction?!!!!!Does being on Doxycycline for 10 days help clear MRSA cystic infections?!!!!!Are there any sides effect of not doing the communicating hydrocele repaire?!!!!!How can I lose weight? I'm a 17 years old girl, weight: 170 lbs and height: about 6 feet!!!!!Can being underweight cause an irregular heartbeat?!!!!!I am have been diagnosed with spine arthritis. What can I do to subside its symptoms? !!!!!I got my tooth extracted recently and I have weird taste in mouth but no severe pain, blood clot, etc. What could be the cause apart from dry socket?!!!!!Can gabapentin work for headaches caused by trimethoprim. I have started taking 100mg gabapentin daily for 4 days and trimethoprim 200mg twice a day.!!!!!I have urinary dribblng, abnormal urine stream and have been catheterized during surgery and can it be the cause for my issues? !!!!!I have a brain cyst 3cm in left frontal lobe would it hurt if I was also pregnant?!!!!!How does one get HSV1 and HSV2?!!!!!What can be the possible diagnosis for a pink round spot on both thighs in the same place in a 6 m/o? Could it be ring worm?!!!!!Why is my period blood dark brown, stopped after 4 hrs. Is this a period?!!!!!Is it normal for the stomach to increase in size after receiving cpr?!!!!!What are some good sources of potassium?!!!!!Cortisone shot as a diagnostic tool in the knee what does this mean. If the shot worked does it mean inflammation? If not internal damage. Help!!!!!How do one gets uveitis in the eye?!!!!!Quick question about ketone test strips. If they are kind of pinkish before I use them are they bad?!!!!!What is that company that tests for gene for smelly urine from asparagus?!!!!!Hello doctor, I got my teeth filled and when can I brush my teeth?!!!!!I HAVE DIMPLING ON MY NIPPLE, CURRENTLY HAVE AN IRREVERSABLE TUBAL HAD MY LAST CHILD ALMOST 6 YRS AGO, WITH A COUPLE OF PAINLESS LUMPS ALONG BREAST UP?!!!!!Is HBA1c a very accurate test?!!!!!My husband and I had unprotected sex and he comes. Inside me, he told me to jump to avoid the sperm penetrates the egg cell, is this true?!!!!!Where can a 2 year old get hand, foot and mouth disease from? Besides the rash, is it normal for her to feel less energetic when having this infection?!!!!!My first day of my last period was on 05/10, i had intercourse on october 17 and october 22. My period is every 31 days. When should I conceived?!!!!!Is it possible for two gay women, to conceive on their own?!!!!!I am on a catheter for underactive detrusor and now the area around the catheter is painful, red and swollen. What I can do to help?!!!!!Which takes longer to heal? A shattered scapula or a compound fracture of tiba and fibula?!!!!!I recently had an injury and got 5 stitches done. I have noticed some brusing around the area. My doctor used a large needle to stitch, could that have anything to do with it?!!!!!What are some measures to tackle anxiety?!!!!!How is solar maculopoathy diagnosed?!!!!!I've had problems with cosntant headaches for 5 years, now they are more like migraines, I've see neurologists, eye specialists and no one has helped me?!!!!!Is heavy vaginal bleeding a side-effect of getting an intrauterine device?!!!!!Hello doctor? I have a lingering sore throat and can I know few remedies which may help. !!!!!What medications help with Cerabral palsy? My son has it. !!!!!My vitamin D levels is 29. The doctor advised me to take 2000ius/day and maximum of sun in Fl, so that normal levels of 70-80 can be achieved. Could you tell me, how long would it take to reach the normal levels? !!!!!Is it bad is my archwire is not connected to one bracket of the damon braces?!!!!!What are some helpful measures to help with abdominal fluid retention?!!!!!I m taking Clomid (clomiphene) since 3/4 month and my cycle 29 days, I m testing my ovulation every time and getting positive on 14/15 days and for 4 days is it ok?!!!!!I recently shaved my armpit and I noticed a warm, red bump causing pain on touch yesterday. I think it is a boil. Can you help me with a few measures for its healing and for relief from pain? !!!!!There is a psychiatric night time tablet for schizophrenia that starts with 'c', does it cause drowsiness?!!!!!Does it mean I am pregnant if I have symptoms like cramps, slight nausea, gas, tiredness? I had sex thrice two days after ovulation.!!!!!Has taking oral terbinafine for onchomycosis and has taken 45 pills. Now foot, toenail, skin are red and painful. Wanted to  know if terbinafine may help. !!!!!I have memory loss and negative thoughts, could my sleep apnea be the cause of these symptoms? !!!!!I have been experiencing on and off burning sensation in stomach and have been on Lodine and celecoxib for the past 4 years now but got off it 3 months back. Am I at a risk of getting an ulcer?!!!!!I haven't been sleeping well for the last couple of weeks. Can it result in brain fog?!!!!!Period was 2 mo late, now been on for 3 wks so far. At the beginning of it all I was intensely stressed But not now. Should I be worried?!!!!!How long does a wound caused by a bullet take to heal? !!!!!I recently got an atypical mole removed from my calf, now there is a scar which hurts real bad and I've been advised to see a plastic surgeon. What should I expect at the appointment?!!!!!What are some post operative effects of gall bladder removal? Can one experience nausea or pain a while after the surgery?!!!!!I have chronic pain syndrome and one my friend suggested humor therapy may help but I have no significant improvement. Can you please tell me about the treatment options for chronic pain?!!!!!Feeling down, tired of life, distressed, some sleep disturbances during working days, some weight gain and have rare suicidal ideation. Am I depressed?!!!!!I am a pediatric Hodgkin's lymphoma survivor. I have developed horizontal double vision. I have an ophthalmology appt. How worried should I be?!!!!!I am 5 weeks pregnant and I am having cramps, spotting and bleeding. Is this a miscarriage? !!!!!How can I control my PP sugar level...Fasting is controlled. What extra edge I need to do to control it. Am eating meds, walk and eating also controlled?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with depression recently and I have been prescribed antidepressant medications. Should I take these medications for the rest of my life?!!!!!I have had 11 sets of ear tubes since age 6. Is there another solution rather than getting more? The set I've had in for 3 months just came out.!!!!!Why long term use of laxatives is not advisable for constipation? !!!!!I get one or two acne errupting each month.How do I prevent them?Also the acne leaves scars on my skin. Is there any off the shelf product i could try!!!!!Which is better for a tibial shaft fracture? An open or a closed reduction?!!!!!Are ADD and ADHD the same? My sister is diagnosed with ADD. So looking out for some stuff to read through.!!!!!How is fibromyalgia diagnosed?!!!!!Still have a dry non productive cough nose stuffed but no fever and occasional headaches what should I do?!!!!!What kind of bacteria or viruses does a semen culture detect or look for?!!!!!I'm in a relationship and was wondering what are the benefits of sex?!!!!!Hi there are you able to help.me please Dr. Eric Kelts? I think I have a trapped nerve and its traveling from the bottom of my back down my legs, which I think may be siataca I'm not quite sure but I'm in agony. Cant move at all with my back! I struggled!!!!!Can my child with hemophilia participate in activities?!!!!!How can I reduce my triglycerides levels. I had a kidney removed in 2010 & my levels have gone up. I am vegetarian and follow a really healthy diet.!!!!!I have had swelling and pain in the left testicle for the past one week. Can an ultrasound help diagnose what is the problem?!!!!!I was injected with penicillin 2400000 and suddenly feel cold. What do I do?!!!!!Should teens go to bed at a certain time and sleep for a certain number of hours?!!!!!What parameters of gall bladder are checked in a HIDA scan?!!!!!Could constant headaches for years be a result of embolic strokes due to endocarditis 7 years ago? Is there any testing that you suggest to confirm this?!!!!!How do occupational therapists help people with eye injuries to ambulate safely?!!!!!What is the best mode of treatment for a an abdominal hernia in a 30 year old female?!!!!!My six year old daughter has been on antibiotics over 48hours and started running a fever over 101 and she says her head hurts. Should I take her back in? Given antibiotics for sinus infection but has been getting stuff up when coughing. She has a hist!!!!!Does anemia have any effects on cycle length? Because I have long period this time.!!!!!I am on BC since more than a month and been dealing with sore nipples since a couple of days of starting it. Lately, I am experiencing lower abdominal pain as well.!!!!!I am 5/1 and 185 pounds I have hip problims so I don't exersise what is my waite loss options I am 45years old?!!!!!For people with arthritis, is it painful to pop knuckles, like hand knuckles?!!!!!I know that appendicitis can cause pain on the right lower abdomen but underwent appendectomy last year. I also have ovarian cyst on that side and I'm currently on my period. What do you think is causing the pain?!!!!!Can i drink coffee to avoid a headache?!!!!!My grandfather has adrenal gland tumor and he has symptoms such as depression, excessive urination, etc. What is the treatment option for this tumor?!!!!!Can Telia Fe birth control pills cause or worsen acne?!!!!!My MRI shows C4-5 right uncovertebral osteophyte/disc bulge complex  broad disc bulge right neural foraminal stenosis & abutment of ventral cervical cord. What does this mean?!!!!!I am on paragard from past 14 month. I am 12 days late. What should I do? Wait till my next cycle? !!!!!Every morning I wake up perfectly normal, about an hour later, I am so tired. I can barely stay awake. I am also kind of dizzy. And confused.?!!!!!I often get these painful sores on my legs, stomach, underarms. Are these boils or simply ingrown hair? Can you suggest me some measures for the sores?!!!!!I have headache on left side with pain behind my left eye and nausea for last 3 weeks. It usually gets better on taking rest and with pain killer medications but gets worse on working over my computer. I am wondering if my eye power changed. Should I get an eye checkup done?!!!!!Left side face slight numbness was diagnosed with bellpssy but was not check for stroke  she is scared and wants to know what to do?!!!!!Weird lightheaded feeling 24:7 for yrs Ent dr said not allergies had bloodwork done neuro examine at PC dr all good they say anxiety could it be?!!!!!My period was black and sticky but is not smelling although have been having irregular menses for two years now?!!!!!I have TMJ em from india i want to ask is it is curable?!!!!!At a doctor's visit, I hit my head against a box on the wall containing hazardous materials (used syringes, used needles...). Will I get infected?!!!!!Is there any interactions between drinking soy milk and taking accutane? Can i drink it when I am on accutane?!!!!!Can a simple injury to the neck, I bumped into someone the other day, can it lead to vsible changes on an MRI?!!!!!Does ovarian cancer run in the family?!!!!!I have recently been diagnosed with oral herpes and I have a cold sore now and it has started to peel. I am using abreva ointment, not sure if it can result in peeling. Do you know what might have triggered the peeling and is there anything that I can use to control peeling? I am really worried that it may start bleeding, does a cold sore bleed usually?!!!!!Can I get preeclampsia during my second pregnancy if I had it during my first? I have some abdominal pain and nausea and am worried.!!!!!What are some good ways to get rid of scarring due to contact dermatitis?!!!!!Blocked ears, runny nose and dry throat symptoms of hayfever or common cold?!!!!!My hips have been hurting a lot like pinching pain. I think it is due to my wearing of heels always. I started wearing flats, that hurts as well but I think it will get better. But in the meanwhile, what can I try for relief?!!!!!I am worried about pregnancy. I have clear white vaginal discharge. Is this a sign of early pregnancy? I do not have itching or burning in vagina. !!!!!Do inverted nipples pose a health problem?!!!!!Does rubbing alcohol cause skin irritation?!!!!!I've had a recurring yeast infection for years. How can I prevent them from coming back?!!!!!What is the treatment for cancerous lesion occurring on the scalp?!!!!!I took plan B 11 hours after intercourse. Is this a chance for me to be pregnant? How effective is Plan B?!!!!!What questions to ask my doctor regarding incontinence?!!!!!Can you please explain the symptoms of migraine headache?!!!!!Can neuropathy affect forearms and hands of a person?!!!!!I have stage 4 chondromalgia in both knees with stable varicose veins in the left knee as well and right paracentral disc protrusion in t8-11 meaning?!!!!!I plan to start working out regularly and read that meat has a lot of protein. Is vegetarian protein better or is meat protein better in terms of quality?!!!!!Cut my finger about 10hrs ago. It looked deep quickly cleaned and dressed it, now you can barely tell I cut it. Is it possible to heal this quicly?!!!!!What are the common causes of incontinence?!!!!!What do you suggest if my grandma had 2 massive strokes so on?!!!!!I had a hysterectomy and removal of my tubes and ovaries. However, two years later, I had a very painful area in my pelvis and was told that I had endometriosis. Is this possible?!!!!!I'm 4 days late for my period I am very stressed 2 nights i was about 10 hours late taking my birth control he did pull out. Could i be pregnant?!!!!!I had cold 1.5 weeks ago but I started experiencing severe headache and pain in left nostril yesterday. Is it related to bone in my left nostril?!!!!!I have recurrent tinea capitis. I also wear my hat a lot and I think it's causing this. Do you think fungus can stay that long on the hat fabric? If yes, should I throw my hat? !!!!!Can you advise me translate my MRI results?!!!!!Over the past 2 weeks, my wife has been complaining of inability to walk when she carries something heavy or moves quickly owing to numbness in the leg. Can it be nerve related?!!!!!I have been having some midcycle bleed, it's almost been 10 days since my period got over. What could it mean?!!!!!I am having this right sided pain for a few days now, but I am also due for my birth control shot, could it be because of that?!!!!!I had neck surgery 8 years back, however, my neck has been swollen for 3 days. Would seeing a lymph node specialist be the next step?!!!!!Is a diabetic nephropathy reversible?!!!!!I have been dealing with anxiety from quite some time. My doctor has prescribed me ssri (fluvoxamine) which is really helping me and I am showing improvement. Could you suggest any home remedies that could accelerate my recovery?!!!!!I have a bruise circling a insect bite,is this common?!!!!!I smoked very less amount of weed 2 nights ago and it was my first time. I have a drug test to pass at my school next week and I am worried if it shows marijuana in my system. My friend suggested qcarbo16 but I want to take a professional opinion. Should I take it? Will it help me?!!!!!When I try to snap my fingers there is weakness and pain across elbow and wrist? May I know what are the causes?!!!!!Is it normal to experience a period during pregnancy?!!!!!Is it ok to induce your period while on the sugar pills?!!!!!What supplement or vitamin can I take that would increase blood curculation to knee?!!!!!My daughter was diagnosed w a murmur@her4month appt. We went2the hospital2do xrays&an ekg. L8r told2go2dallas cardiologist what could b wrng!!!!!!Why is microdermabrasion done?!!!!!I messed up my birth control and started a new pack. When I took the first week, I bleed for 3 days. Now I am confused when my period will come again.!!!!!I twisted my knee at work and it is very swollen but I can walk on it. Could I have torn my ACL?!!!!!Would it be possible for you to explain my MRI results to me?!!!!!I've noticed that after a few weeks of working out when i eat something it messes with my stomach and i end up with diarrhea before bed. Why?!!!!!I experience left sided chest tightness and pressure with pain and shortness of breath. I also experience discomfort over left shoulder. I am scared I have a heart attack, can you tell me what are the symptoms of myocardial infarction?!!!!!Can I smoke during the recovery period after an endoscopic surgery and septoplasty?!!!!!I am 4' 8". My mom said that I have a birth defect (coarctation of aorta). Are the two related?!!!!!What bodily factors affect heart rate?!!!!!If pus in stool is occasionally is there any problem?!!!!!My lower back is making me feel painful all the time. Is there a way to cure this. Will playing badminton and going for diving make it worst?!!!!!Does any one get cancer of the blood?!!!!!Can cutting out on fatty foods help with pimples? I have quite a lot and would ove to try some home measures.!!!!!My joint have always been hypermobile and I have pain over right arm, elbow, shoulder and muscles, that got worse recently. Any ideas on what I can do for relief?!!!!!Whenever I look at girls, I get palpitations and I get super-nervous. I think I have a high blood pressure when this happens too. Is this normal?!!!!!What is the safety of using silicone gel sheet on acne scar on the face?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with epilespsy and being prescribed epillim 2000mg a day, I am still having 30 seizures per day,is it possible that my dose could be increased further higher?!!!!!I am undergoing colonoscopy next week. What all can I eat and drink before the procedure? Are coffee and orange juice considered clear fluids and is it okay to have them before the procedure?!!!!!Which foods help to loose belly fat?!!!!!Can Bechet's disease have pain and swelling under the jawline too?!!!!!Can conditions like endometriosis and ovarian cyst affect my chances of getting pregnant, if my doctor diagnoses me with these conditions? !!!!!My headache is getting worse, now it has gotten to the point where it is painful to move. Can having PMS prevent Maxalt (Rizatriptan) from working properly?!!!!!I have 3000mg of tegretol and each pill is of 200mg. Is this dose lethal enough? !!!!!Is there anything that I can do to get some relief from this annoying headache? I usually get such headaches but this time, it is really awful!!!!!!What can you get over-the-counter for nerves?!!!!!Dry, flaky skin on the outer skin of lips all the time. Why does this happen?!!!!!I've been taking hydrochlorthiazide for almost 3 months now and recently noticed some petechiae on my arms. Could it be related to the medication?!!!!!Under what circumstances would women choose to freeze their eggs?!!!!!Should I remove a bullet if it's still inside?!!!!!How long the abortion pills work in pregnacy?!!!!!My cycle is 2 weeks late and negative PT. Period is light to medium for 14 days and now is dark brown. Bleeding is prolonged for a week and I am concerned. !!!!!I am getting period cramps. What shall I do?!!!!!Hello doctor I have sever tooth ache and will my teeth be pulled out?!!!!!Can sinusitis cause pressure and pain on the frontal side of the head along with dizziness?!!!!!Does occupation therapy have any role in early rehabilitation of people with eye injuries?!!!!!What is the recovery time after undergoing surgery for an aneurysm?!!!!!I underwent appendectomy many years ago and now noticed a large bruise along the old scar area. Is this related to my past surgery?!!!!!My friend has started obsessing over her belly fat! She doesn't eat well, how can I help her?!!!!!Is a stomach stapling procedure better than a lap-band surgery?!!!!!I have a flexible sigmoidoscopy scheduled this evening and I used the fleet enema a while ago. My abdomen hurts a lot and I had watery stools just now, is this normal?!!!!!What is the recovery for endoscopic sinus surgery and septoplasty like?!!!!!My 24 yr old daughter started feeling tired all the time and stopped socializing about 2 months back and thinks she may be developing schizophrenia. What could be causing this?!!!!!My ultrasound report mentioned enalrged gland wiith 3 nodules, biggest being 3.6CM* 3.2CM with inceased vascularity. Is cancer my diagnosis? !!!!!I have been tested for every STD everything came back normal the only problem is my pH is at 8 how do I lower to 4?!!!!!The doctor performed an ankle surgery with help of big incison to excise a 1.4 cm mass on inner right ankle between bone and nerve. How long will I take to recover? !!!!!I recently stopped birth control. My last period was16 oct, my cycles last about 32 days. I started noticing light blood from nov 2 until 15th?!!!!!Please help doc asap ...I have trouble allergies and my eyes feel like its rock in them for 2 days nows very very painful what can I do ? I tookbenado!!!!!I have been coughing for over 3 weeks. I got tested, that showed microscopic hematuria, does it indicate tuberculosis?!!!!!I have gout and I don't want to take medications. I prefer natural treatment, can you help me with a resource on it?!!!!!I am 44 and my breast and nipples are tender what could it be?!!!!!What to do if I am having prk done , so while I'm on my recovery stage, should I have my place temperature at a certain degree?!!!!!I recently got tested and found out, that I have a HB of 17.6%, what foods woud you recommend for me?!!!!!Can you share some measures, like exercises that can help with a herniated disc?!!!!!My 22 yr old daughter has been anxious and depressed lately. I was wondering if this could be bipolar disorder? She seems to have a lot of those symtpoms. !!!!!I want to take prohormones, what's the right way to take them? !!!!!Hello doctor, I took plan B 4 months ago and had regular cycles after that. Can I take one more plan B? How frequent should I take the pill?!!!!!May I know what are the over counter drugs which can be taken for Crohn's?!!!!!I hit my forehead against the edge of the microwave. Should i get it checked out?!!!!!Is it normal to have nausea and loss of appetite when on your period?!!!!!Can amoxcillin cause difficulty in urinating?!!!!!Which is the best position the fetus should be in at the time of delivery?!!!!!I am currently on minocin (minocycline) to treat my acne but I think I am getting itchy hives?!!!!!I discovered I get this weakness in my hand whenever I try to snap my fingers, slight pain runs across elbow and wrist?!!!!!I am a 21 years old female on birth control. My period has come in late and is lighter than normal. I also have abdominal pain and excessive tiredness. Is this normal?!!!!!I experience chest pain and palpitations and I am worried about heart conditions because my father has mitral stenosis. What are my chances of mitral stenosis?!!!!!I have been diagnsoed with epilepsy. What are the treatments available?!!!!!How long should one abstain for conception when on accutane/isotoin?!!!!!Hello doctor I had marijuana for the first time today? May I ask how long will marijuana be detected on urine test?!!!!!My girl friend has period and after 2 days she took plan B and it has been 2 weeks already and she did not have  period. May I know what is the cause? !!!!!What happens when iris leaks in to pupil and pupil leaks in to iris? What are the causes, what is it called and what problms can arise?!!!!!A while ago I developed a white clumpy discharge, itching, small bumps, and a strange scent. I'm six months pregnant, and I don't have an STD. Help?!!!!!Is rapid /hard heartbeat normal followed by adrenaline rush even if in bed seems random its happening more often now its been happening for years!!!!!My wife has bad mood swings- One momet she will be so happy and the very next moment, she would get angry for no reason. Do you think she has bipolar disorder?!!!!!Are abdominal binders safe to use?!!!!!If one of my testicle atrophied from infection a decent amount, is it possible that the leydig cells are still left in it and only the sertoli died?!!!!!My 7 yr postive again for strep and I'm leaning towards pandas. I was prescribed clindamycin 75 mg/5ml. Is this the right antibiotic? He did augm b4.!!!!!I am 9 wks pregnant and just had some bleeding today, after sex. is it dangerous? Will me baby be okay?!!!!!What are the other causes of anaphylaxis apart from sun urticaria? !!!!!I have been abusing opioids in the past and my doctor prescribed 4 mg Suboxone to treat addiction. But I ran out of it and had to take methadone as I could not deal with withdrawal symptoms but I have a urine drug test on Monday, that is in 5 days, do you think it will show up in the drug test? !!!!!Can i have sex while taking cyclogest (progesterone)?!!!!!Pain in the right leg that goes and goes, sometimes on the side, sometimes in the groin. Burns behind the knee and gets worse with cold. What can be?!!!!!What does a measles rash look like?!!!!!Can you tell me if heart disease can pass from family? I have a history of anxiety and experienced chest pain. Went to the ER where an ECG was done. The doctor told me that there were some ST-T changes which is not very concerning but I am worried. Can someone get a heart disease at 27?!!!!!How to treat severe leg pain at night?!!!!!Can a doctor find out if you have been treated for Chlamydia in the past without knowing your medical history?!!!!!Which OTC medications help to manage allergies at home?!!!!!My son's adult front tooth is very pointy.  Why is that?!!!!!How soon is it okay to start chicken, meat in infants?!!!!!I notice soreness above the left rib cage if I pull on something and happened after it popped as I reached over a counter. What kind of an injury is this?!!!!!What causes underdeveloped breasts in a woman with pcos? Current biochem abnorm are high LH vit d defic, sometimes low estro and prog. Testos normal!!!!!!Lately I have been getting these weird bumps behind my ears and inside my ears. Does this mean anything medically?!!!!!My grandmother is 90 and she suffered a stroke recently. Do you think speech therapy can help her?!!!!!What is the time frame for recovery from plantar fascitis?!!!!!What is the management of a concussion? I have a headache and a small bump in the area of impact. !!!!!Missed my period. Is this car accident the cause?!!!!!Is there any treatment for latent squint and fourth nerve palsy?!!!!!Are there any things I can try at home to make inverted nipples point out?!!!!!Which listerine is best for cavities?!!!!!How will binge drinking couple of times a month affect my health?!!!!!I have rib pain on left side. I felt a pop before this started when I bent over to pick something up while sitting on a chair. What could be the cause? !!!!!I have been advised biotin 500mg, how much should I take? !!!!!How long does belly pain associated with hyperemesis gravidarum last?!!!!!I have not drank alcohol for a year and 8 months now. Can recently drinking 0.06 pack a day affect my liver?!!!!!What is the treatment of alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency?!!!!!My allergies have been acting up and I have a sensation of heaviness in the eyes for 2 days and now have been very painful. What can I do to help with it?!!!!!I think I may have demodex folliculorum infestation, can you walk me through how one can get it and the possible symptoms?!!!!!Any home remedies that can help to manage allergies?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with a low T4. What does it mean?!!!!!I walked barefoot yesterday and my skin on the sole of my feet started peeling and blistering this morning. I forgot that I am allergic. Should I be wearing shoes always for the rest of my life?!!!!!Are there any medications that can help treat or prevent PVCs?!!!!!Should i get a flu vaccine or are there negative side effects?!!!!!How can I get myself to have normal daily bowel movements when i'm constipated and haven't had a normal bm in almost a month?!!!!!Hi doctor. Would 2ml of sperm volume be considered low? What are the normal levels?!!!!!What are the symptoms of a hamstring strain?!!!!!When should I use an ovulation test? Morning, afternoon or night?!!!!!What causes a high red blood cell count it's at 19 and ESR is high, TSH 1.25 never been so low anti thyroid at 9 was 900 prev?!!!!!I am trying to manage my calorie intake to lose some weight, but I just binged on chocolate, should I avaoid eating anything the rest of the day to keep my calorie intake under check?!!!!!Ie been gettin white mucus in my eyes for the past two years and im not sick. What could it possible be?!!!!!My cycles have been always irregular and I am planning to get Mirena inserted. How effectively is it going to help and regularize my cycles?!!!!!Had unpro sex the last day iovulated 30th he cummed 2x in me , my per was due 13 but igot it on the 14 howcome ididnt get pregnant ?:/iwant a baby!!!!!I was recently diagnosed with PCOS and my friend said progesterone cream usually helps but I wonder what its role is in the treatment of PCOS. I am sorry if this sounds dumb but can you help me understand this?!!!!!Is it normal for a 24 year old female to sweat on face and upper body for few hours while doing simple tasks? !!!!!When I watch my girlfriend bad words/insults come to my mind and I have to replace them with good ones. There is often words in my mind.Can it be OCD?!!!!!I had my routine appointment yesterday and my doctor said the swelling near the crotch is not hernia. Ultrasound did not show anything. Is it possible to still have hernia or lymph node swelling if the ultrasound is negative for it?!!!!!I am on SSRI but still having symptoms of OCD and feeling a lot anxious. What to do? !!!!!What is the cleanest/safest SSRI for general stress-induced anxiety?!!!!!I have chronic hep C. A Dr I don't usually see prescribed metronidazole 500 mg for a bacteria infection. Should I be taking this with the liver issues?!!!!!How can I get rid of this awful toothache?!!!!!What relieves back spasm?!!!!!What is the cause of a painful rash on the groin that causes lymph node soreness and soreness in the leg?!!!!!I have IBS and the symptoms have been frustrating lately. Should I change my diet or take any medications?!!!!!Could you suggest me some remedies for pain all over my stoamch? !!!!!What are the signs of labor?!!!!!Can birth control shot cause your period to become irregular? I have spotting and I'm not sure if it is related.!!!!!Will doing strenghth exercises like pushups and running help me with gastritis?!!!!!What are the long term side effects of breast augmentation !!!!!Can handling frozen foods cause frostbite?!!!!!I started my period on sunday a little but on monday stoped I have a dot. Today is my 7day im feeling like I am still having my period but only dots.!!!!!I got a bug bite, now I notice a bruise around it, is that normal?!!!!!Is breast pain and tenderness a sign of breast cancer?!!!!!Are braces considered a cosmetic?!!!!!Woke up with both hands feeling number and tingling.  What is this?!!!!!Is Cancer curable?!!!!!I have been experiencing lower abdomen/pelvic pain on standing, sitting, laughing or moving around for last 2 days. It has been tender, bloated as well. I underwent hysterectomy a year ago, so I know it is not due to that. I have been working out and lifting heavy weights a lot lately. What can I do for relief?!!!!!Had Yellow stool for almost 4months with no other symptoms,it turned to dark green 3days ago,no iron supplements Should i worry ?!!!!!I got injured over chest while playing soccer recently and it has been hurting on the right side of chest at the bottom of rib cage ever since. Should I get an Xray? What can I do for relief at home?!!!!!Does bipolar disorder have any hereditary influence?!!!!!I stepped on a rock that injured the outside of my foot.  17 days later, swelling and bruising down. Discomfort still. Will walking hurt the healing?!!!!!I feel like my food doesn't digest & I feel like I have to constantly throw up?!!!!!Are Meclizine and Cyclizine the same medication? What is it used for?!!!!!Can I get help from my doctor as I am young and trying for conception?!!!!!I am in a habit of shaving genital region. Can shaving my penis have any effects on sex life?!!!!!Can a person be allergic to febreeze plug ins? The scent of something?!!!!!My voice seems very high pitched as compared to the rest in my class. Is there a problem with me? What can I do to make it better? Are there any supplements to help?!!!!!Me and my partner both did mutual masturbation. My cum touched her clitoris and it did no go inside the vagina and it also touched the cut on my hand. Am I in risk of gettig an STD?!!!!!My grand father has coronary artery disease and he had an episode of pain over shoulder, arm and jaw on left side a week ago. Is it angina pectoris?!!!!!How will a doctor know if I have vaginal eczema? Would a pelvic examination be done or do they need a biopsy too?!!!!!How can I manage stiffness in my knees, lower back etc. I do have arthritis!!!!!I am looking for some information- Is it safe to insert a urinary catheter in a patient with myocardial infarction or are there any risks involved?!!!!!Are surgical steel and surgical grade actually same thing?!!!!!Can you tell me a few quick exercises that I can do in 10 minutes?!!!!!My chest keeps popping up at times. Is it chest inflammation? Should I go to the doctor? !!!!!How can a person know if they have chronic fatigue syndrome?!!!!!I am worried about my 7 year old daughter, who is deep breathing after every 1 minute. Is it serious? !!!!!I've had this bruise on my thigh for at least two months, and it still hasn't healed. Could it be skin cancer?!!!!!I am working out since a few weeks. Now when  I eat some thing my stomach gets upset and I have diarrhea. May I know why?!!!!!I have mild pressure/tightness on forehead & face all the time, for 8 years. I feel better only when I bow my head looking on floor. What could it be?!!!!!Is it true that adults who have been spanked in their childhood have a higher chance of being aggressive?!!!!!What is the procedure involved with open heart surgery?!!!!!Can kidney polysystic be cured?!!!!!I have an atypical mole on my calf. Could it be cancerous?!!!!!I've been having uterus/something spasms for a while now. I know I'm not pregnant and it happens randomly. Should I be worried?!!!!!Is 17.6% Hb too high? Should I see a doctor?!!!!!When after a flight can deep vein thrombosis occur?!!!!!Are all medications absorbed by the liver?!!!!!Does anxiety cause an increase in the BP?!!!!!My heart is beating really fast. Can I use methylprednisolone to reduce my heart rate?!!!!!What is a good substitute for peanut butter?!!!!!What is the cause of eyebrows and hair fall?!!!!!I got my hormones levels checked on 21st day of my 28 day cycle as suggested by my doctor and it showed good levels. Does that confirm ovulation has occured on that day? !!!!!I have a very dry skin and increase in acne. Is it relate to hypothyroidism? My TSH value is between 4.1 to 5.2. !!!!!My symptoms are swollen throat with white spots, no fever and pain along with facial pain and diarrhea. Are these symptoms associated with strep throat? !!!!!I have stretch marks for a long time now and persisted after my last chilbirth. Are there any cosmetic procedures that I can consider? Do you happen to know the cost?!!!!!21 f on birth control, period started late, period lighter than normal, pain in my belly that's not normal, been tired a lot more lately. what wrong?!!!!!Do all breathing issues in teens mean asthma?!!!!!Can I get vaginal itching if I have sex with a man who is experiencing prostate problems?!!!!!What causes dry and flaky skin around the lips? I seem to have it all the time. !!!!!Does an active sympathetic system cause angina and migraines? Wouldn't nerve blocks help in such cases?!!!!!Can you give me more details about the vaccine for Lyme disease?!!!!!I am having difficulty in sleeping these days. Even mediactions are not helping. What could be the reason? I am 15 weeks pregnant. Could it be related?!!!!!I have feeling of something stuck in throat, dizziness, anxious, stress and heaviness and I am on Lexapro for my anxiety. My symptoms started worsening even after taking the medication. Should I need to change my medication? !!!!!Can only corrective lenses without an implant cure cataract?!!!!!Which worms cause infections in humans?!!!!!I have belly piercing and I think it's infection. Can it cause flu symptoms? !!!!!Can being animec cause your period to last longer?!!!!!What is the treatment of chronic fatigue syndrome?!!!!!I think I have a bunion and the pain is extreme. What is the next plan of action?!!!!!I have been having constant pain in my right ear since Thursday, What should I do?!!!!!Been having chest pains a lot lately especially when i sit in certain positions ?!!!!!Am I over weight (192.9) for my age (39)?!!!!!I am 35 weeks and 6 days pregnant and have been leaking a lot of clear fluid from my breast and also getting bad tightening pains in my belly?!!!!!I have upper back pain over 1 year and took CT scan 8 months back and it was okay. Had 3 MRI's of thorax okay. Had some cervical stenosis and should I worry? !!!!!What causes premature greying of hair? !!!!!What to do about depression of seeing spirits and just being upset overall?!!!!!What shall I expect at an appointment for my special needs daughter today?!!!!!Was treated for PID caused by BV only with one dose of azythromyacin and injection of antibiotics. PID never went away. What should i do?!!!!!Please recommend the best beer to prevent hangover?!!!!!How can I differentiate between a STD and a UTI?!!!!!My father has cvid and parkinson's. Are there any tests that could show the likelihood of my potential children developing these same problems?!!!!!I have been trying to put on weight for the past 6 months. I have always remained somewhere between 150-155 lbs. I eat well too. But my weight has not budged even a little. My mom has always been thin, could that be the reason why I am not putting on weight?!!!!!Is it normal for ears to pop if one lifts heavy weights?!!!!!Do you know if masturbation has any effects on erections?!!!!!Is surgery the only treatment option for a hemorrhoid?!!!!!I'm wondering what is the best birth control?!!!!!Are there any medications to manage lower abdominal and back pain from an ovarian cyst?!!!!!What are some causes of IBS? !!!!!Are there any ways or remedies you would suggest to help with chronic back pain?!!!!!Please help, 27 w/ ED for the past year 1/2 started with problems once in a while to now can't stay erect while masturbating. Will cialis stop working?!!!!!I had root canal 3 months back and my tooth is still sensitive to heat. May I know what is the cause?!!!!!Just received news I have on old compression fracture causing me pain now what can I do to alleviate pain because my doc said nothing they can do?!!!!!How can I differentiate a measles rash?!!!!!Can I get an std, such as HIV from mutual materbation with my partner? Cum touched clit but didn't go inside vagina and also touched a cut on my hand!!!!!I have had a couple of pregnancy symptoms, but the home tests i've taken are all negative and I started what I think is my period today.....I need some help figuring out what could be wrong. Any thoughts?!!!!!Does endocervical component mean endometriosis?!!!!!I read a medical resaerch paper where it was mentioned that metabolic rate and free radical production can affect human life span, they also mentioned some medical proven ways to control it. Can drinking herbal tea or green tea help/ !!!!!I think I am pregnant? May I ask when is the right time to take a pregnancy test?!!!!!Sharp inconsistent  pains on  the right side near the ovaries and lower back. Pain came out of nowhere and started today its been 4 hours. Help?!!!!!I was taking tamazepam 30mg for sleep and it  barely worked,  they have now switched me to ambien which does not work for me at all.  For years i took?!!!!!Please tell me what is it called when your back locks up?!!!!!What are the treatment options available for ANLL?!!!!!I've noticed weird looking skin sticking out under my tongue, is it something or I just happened to notice it today?!!!!!How does one break their arm playing volleyball?!!!!!On Clomid (clomiphene) Just finished taking last pill. Just noticed if I squeeze right nipple quite strongly, a very tiny amount of clear sticky liquid came out?!!!!!16, never had intercourse, no STDs known, vaginal irritation, sometimes pain, not much pain with urination, irritation through the entire day.!!!!!Is there a way to repair a hymenal ring remnant?!!!!!Can masturbating while on diflucan (fluconazole) get rid of it inside your body?!!!!!Why dose my chest hurt when stretching and coughing plus sneezing?!!!!!I have diarrhea with blood in stools, vomiting, nausea, fever and abdominal pain for 10 days now. Does that sound like stomach bug?!!!!!I am having pain all over my stomach. Am I pregnant? !!!!!How can I look slimmer from the tummy area?!!!!!On 30mg Synthoid. Was on Armour. Liked Armour, but PCP switched. All internet chatter sings praises of Armour and blasts Synthoid. Why?  Armour better!!!!!I am nor sure but may be I ovulated yesterday. I am nervous about pregnancy.!!!!!Q. Hi, I am almost 12 weeks pregnant and my food had tiny particles of plastic (by mistake) so I am worried; in case I accidentally swallowed some : (?!!!!!Why is it that some nutrients bypass the liver entirely?!!!!!Which medication helps with high blood pressure?!!!!!How long it takses for a broken arm to heal?!!!!!What are the complications of having abnormal cells? Does one get them by engaging in unprotected sexual intercourse?!!!!!What is a venerial disease and how does it spead?!!!!!After how long of stopping the birth control shots can one get pregnant?!!!!!Does anyone know about hCG levels associated with a partial molar pregnancy?!!!!!What are the chances I will eventually get symptoms caused by my wpw? Left ventricular connection. Asymptomatic, diagnosed during a medical. Age20 male!!!!!I had two emblic strokes from endocarditis in 2012 ive had unbearable headaches for 3 years 24 hours a day what test would you recommend i have?!!!!!I did not get my period for 2 months early this year. I consulted an OBGyne who is a friend of my brother. I also consulted her since I've been having brown discharge and I was alarmed. She said that I might have PCOS. She advised me to take Provera 10mg!!!!!Husband takes prograf and may have cancer; will cancers spread quickly on prograf?!!!!!Can a partial tear of PCL be diagnosed on an X-ray?!!!!!Steroid nasal spray has not helped with post nasal drip. Do you have any other recommendations?!!!!!I am on yaz birth control pills and I missed my period. Do you think I am pregnant? I did not miss any pills and had unprotected sexual intercourse.!!!!!I recently had a surgery for my breast cancer, the doctors told me that lymph nodes were also removed, as cancer had infliterated the area. I am free of cancer now? !!!!!What works better with anxiety symptoms like excessive sweating, loss of appetite and sleep issues? Should I try therapy or jump to medications?!!!!!May I know what is the difference between candidal yeast infection and bacterial vaginosis? !!!!!What is the average calorie intake for a young teen?!!!!!I got light and short period this monthw which lasted only 5 days in contrast to heavy 5 days long period. Can having intercourse 2 days before starting with period be the cause?!!!!!I got tested for HIV after 3 weeks after having unprotected intercourse. Is my test accurate?!!!!!Can contact dermatitis cause scarring?!!!!!I heard that vitamin E oil is good for the skin. Does applying that euqual to a sunscreen?!!!!!I have a cold sore and wanted to know if having oral sex with my partner or kissing my partner would spread it?!!!!!Is there a link between dry eyes and dry lips?!!!!!My wife is 16 weeks pregnant, she had a fall and now her left side of stoamch and back is very painful. What should I do? !!!!!How are batteries chosen to be put in pacemakers?!!!!!What can cause upper left sharp pain that radiates to back with vomiting/paleness/weakness? This has gone on for 5 years.!!!!!My daughter has migraine and she gets really bad headaches. I am planning to take her to her doctor but would like to know how migraines are treated usually?!!!!!I recently delivered a child and have painful urination and blood in urine. Can it be UTI?!!!!!I have dry gangrene on right foot covering 4 toes and it extends only until mid aspect of foot. But my doctor recommends amputation to knee, can you tell me why can't they amputate only the affected part of foot with gangrene?!!!!!What are the advantages and disadvantages of getting a flu vaccine?!!!!!After a hysterectomy do you start menopause imediately?!!!!!In my blood tests, I have high levels of trigliceridos(234 mg/dl), got (ast )(37.4ui/l), gpt (alt)(59.3ui/l), gamma-gt (52.3ui/l). Are these levels bad?!!!!!I have a runny nose, congestion and a headache. My lips are also dry because of the dry weather. What can I try for all of these symptoms?!!!!!What are some illnesses of the lymphatic system?!!!!!I am bleeding for the last 3 weeks now and I was 2 months late this time. I was strressed when it started but all fine now. Is this something concerning?!!!!!Which soap is safe for cleaning my vagina?!!!!!I just subscribed for your service and is there some one I can talk to here?!!!!!I'm due for my birth control shot on the 24 but I've been having uterus pain on the right side of my uterus I'm not sure what it can be?!!!!!Why do I cough when I eat salt or salty foods?!!!!!My jaw makes a popping noise when I chew. Is this serious?!!!!!Could you tell me what happens when you quit smoking?!!!!!How can one track one's ovulation with irregular periods?!!!!!What is Lumigan 0.1% used for? Can it cause redness or burning in the eyes?!!!!!What can I do for a dislocated jaw?!!!!!What are the causes of lower back pain in women?!!!!!Does operating small aircraft all of the time lead to permanent hearing loss?!!!!!I have fatty liver, can eating fatty foods cause this?!!!!!What are side effects of cyclizine 50mg?!!!!!How can I calculate my basal energy expenditure and basal metabolic rate?!!!!!My bm aren't solid but not quite loose. Looks more like for lack of better word "shredded" the why is this?!!!!!I was tired a lot and I looked pale about 2 years ago. I had a CBC then. But I still experience the same symptoms and I don't feel better. Is getting the CBC done again a good idea?!!!!!I am late for my period by one day and have vaginal dryness. Do you have any ideas why?!!!!!I am a 20 year old male diagnosed with asymptomatic WPW. My doctor mentioned some connection with left ventricle, but I am not completely sure. What are the chnaces that I may develop symptoms due to WPW?!!!!!How can one track one's ovulation?!!!!!I have numbness and tingling in both hands since morning. Can you tell me why?!!!!!If there is persistent fever even after taking 4 doses of antibiotics (over 48 hours), does it mean it is not working? Cough is the same as it was earlier. Should we go back to the ER? She's 6, I can't see her like this. :( !!!!!I sprained my ankle 2 days back and was not able to get enough rest. My pain level is at 7. Can this delay the recovery?!!!!!I have on & off pain on the side of right leg and sometimes in the groin. I also experience burning sensation behind the knee, that gets worse when I am cold. Do I have a blood clot in my leg? If yes, what could be the treatment?!!!!!Can the flu cause death in a person who has a history of heart disease?!!!!!I have swelling and pain on my calf region in bending the knee. I got bit by insect on my calf a month ago, the bruising has subside now. Should I see the doctor? !!!!!Is diving/swimming in a pool allowed while dealing with an ear infection?!!!!!Can a ultrasound show tumors in the kidney or stomach cancer and what does it mean when a ultrasound show a swollen kidney air around kidney and a possible blockage for a 7 year old girl thanks very much?!!!!!How can I know if I have a varicose vein or if it is a foot blister? Can you help me?!!!!!I am having a hard time finding info. On the success of a 3 level lumbar fusion with an internal stimulator. Previous fusion no growth. Please help?!?!!!!!Is it possible to be able to stop the ssri you're taking one day and having been recovered totally from OCD so no need for meds again?!!!!!What irritation does soap causes to private area?!!!!!Can weather worsen pain from psoriatic arthritis and fibromyalgia?!!!!!I have been experiencing abdominal pain, diarrhea after meals, fatigue and occasionally bloody stool. Could it be Crohn's disease?!!!!!What do you advise if I sprained my ankle about 2 weeks ago and the foot is feeling numb?!!!!!After waking up an hour later I get tired and can stay awake, I am dizzy and confused as well. !!!!!For how long can THC be detected in the blood?!!!!!Can Citalopram and Zoloft interact and cause cold legs be an effect of their interaction?!!!!!Can I be pregnant if one test showed a faint line, another test was negative along with symptoms like severe headaches, nausea, dizziness?!!!!!What is the correct way to use contact lens? !!!!!What can cause red bumps on the tongue? They are painful too !!!!!I am a 29 year old female. The area around my belly button has been hurting on and off. But, recently, I have also noticed a swelling that shows up along with the pain. Do you think it could be a hernia?!!!!!Can a BC result in delayed menstrual cycle?!!!!!How long should one have sex to get pregnant?!!!!!I am taking Metoprolol for a high heart rate. Can I also take Zolpidem along with it?!!!!!Just wanted to update you that success of 3 level lumbar fusion with internal stimulator was noted. Previous fusion no growth. Thank you.  !!!!!Could you apprise me of the surgical procedure that helps in removing the bony growth? Is it something with alevo? !!!!!Please provide advice on discontinuing hctz (hydrochlorothiazide) after developing petechiae on my arms. I have been taking hctz (hydrochlorothiazide) for 3 months and this just started.!!!!!How can one manage bipolar disorder at home without therapy?!!!!!I am doing a project on the vertebral column. Can you help me?!!!!!Do penis extender and jelqing really help in enlarging the penis?!!!!!I have suicidal ideation, what should I do? Should I see the doctor? !!!!!When shall I expect my period if I am taking Duphaston from Day 11th to Day 25th?!!!!!It took me a very long time to take off from the mental breaksdown caused by my work. Do you have any medications to decrease that time?!!!!!Should I use a cream of benzoyl peroxide or a soap?!!!!!How to manage heavy bleeding during pregnancy?!!!!!Can contact dermatitis cause cutting of the vagina?!!!!!I have been advised complete bed rest by my Obgyn, I am 23 weeks pregnant. How can I prevent atrophy and blood clots?!!!!!My nose seems to be a bit crooked, is it possible to correct it?!!!!!I am 4 weeks pregnant and started spotting pink which turned into red. Is that a bad sign?!!!!!I'm worried that I'm pregnant but I think I ovulated yesterday?!!!!!My heart rate has been fluctuating and varies between 58-60 and changing positions does not seem to alter it and is the same while in bed. What causes low heart rate?!!!!!I'm 5' 8'' and 109 lbs. When I lay down I can see my belly pulsing to the left of my belly button. Is this something I should be concerned about?!!!!!Isn't anal sex the only reason for HIV transmission?!!!!!Can people be born without color blindness then get when they get older. I know that people with good vision can go bad, is it the same thing?!!!!!I have no idea what's causing these bumps on my body. Is there a specific test that can detect this?!!!!!What are the symptoms of diphtheria!!!!!May I know what is the difference between withdrawal bleeding from pills and normal period bleeding. How long do both usually last?!!!!!I am just curious to know what this rare disease called porphyria is?!!!!!What is the prognosis and best treatment of DVT with pe?!!!!!What factors influence the healing process so it does not lead to the formation of a scar?!!!!!What could be causing additional symptoms like green and yellow vomiting when one has the flu?!!!!!I'm stressed about being pregnant and my period started getting light and short, could my stress cause this?!!!!!I have a red, rough sore inside my nose for 3 days now, and my nose is quite dry too! What could this be? It's quite painful actually, so any help will be appreciated !!!!!What is the cause of pubic bone pain?!!!!!The lower right side of my face hurts when I open my mouth. Anybody have any idea? Could it be tmj?!!!!!What are the symptoms of damage to the L 4-5 vertebra?!!!!!What is the mechanism of action of this new medication called roflumilast?!!!!!My doctor has ordered CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast. What is the purpose of having it without the constrast, if I already had it done with contrast?!!!!!I have noticed sharp pain in the left breast over the past year and had a breast exam and mammogram, all of which came back ok. What could be causing the pain?!!!!!What is the definition or description of: duct?!!!!!HSV 1+2 Serum test resut- 1.77 & HSV Type 1+2 PCR DNA result Negative, do these two values mean the same thing?!!!!!How often should I get my custom  orthotics  evaluated and replaced & have Flat feet/ 1fallen arch. Advice  for 5K run/walker to avoid injury?!!!!!I am a male 21 yeas of age there is a small painless lump about 1 cm in my groin area this is at the point where my inner thigh connects with my groin?!!!!!I've had a bilateral neck dissection for thyroid cancer in 2011. My neck has been swollen for 3 years. Should I see a lymph node specialist?!!!!!We can experience health problem due to dental problem like gingivitis?!!!!!I recently had sex with my husband on my period and he ejaculated inside me and now I have been having painful cramping in my lower back and stomach.?!!!!!Would a lipoma prevent smooth administration of epidural or spinal anesthesia before surgery?!!!!!Can eating any particular foods during pregnancy caused esophageal atresia in the unborn baby?!!!!!What helps with weight loss? I am a female weighing 170 lbs with a height of 6 feet!!!!!My friend has bad stomach pain and diarrhea, what can I give her to feel better? She does have gluten allergy, but she did not eat anything with gluten. What could be other possible cause of her symptoms?!!!!!Are heart diseases fatal?!!!!!How long do the stitches take to heal? !!!!!When can I give my babies curd and probiotics, they are now 8 months?!!!!!I have excessive hair loss due to stress. I got tested at the beginning of June. Any tips on how to deal with this hair loss and to grow back my hair?!!!!!I have been experiencing cough and wheezing. What are some ways I can try to get rid of this?!!!!!My sister has PCOS. We were wondering which brand of natural progesterone would be most suitable. Any suggestions?!!!!!Ultrasound says liver measures 15.7 CM in length, is that normal size?!!!!!My father is 81 and has Parkinson's disease for the last 3 years. He can't even move his hands & legs. What can I do to support him?!!!!!My 5 yr. Old daughter had a urine test last week and they found a trace of blood, calcium is 2.4 and creatinine is 3.3, should I be concerned?!!!!!I have post nasal drip and I got rid of the clear phlegm with some white stuff on it on sneezing. What is that mucus and what could be the cause?!!!!!I got Mirena (levonorgestrel) inserted 8 weeks ago. I experience stinging pain for last 1 week associated with heaviness in my lower abdomen and I notice vaginal bleeding. Is this normal with Mirena?!!!!!I am having lower abdominal cramps but I am passing stools normally. Is it happening due to pregnancy? !!!!!I was diagnosed with PID but I had no symtpoms. Can antibiotics like Doxycycline help treat it? I was previously prescribed it when I had Chlamydia and have some left over.!!!!!What are the risk factors of HPV infection?!!!!!What is ovulation and when will female ovulates?!!!!!I workout pretty hard and recently my knee has been clicking when I walk down stairs or try to do any leg exercises. No pain. What could this be?!!!!!Hey! And update on the numbness and tingling I had in my foot. My doctor thinks it is a nerve issue and prescribed me Vit B12 injections.!!!!!Are there any ways or exercises to correct posture which can help with my rounded shoulders? I try to stand up and sit straight and I have 4 inches of head forward tilt. Is that enough?!!!!!When i get heart burn my eyes start burning as well and its very uncomfortable. Why and how can I treat it?!!!!!How exactly does one contract bird flu?!!!!!Do you have some recommendations to increase height?!!!!!I need help, my 4 year old  son swallowed 10mg rat killer pellet, though I made him vomit by itching his throat, what should I do next?  !!!!!After two weeks of oral surgery, my cheek is still swollen and I feel hard lumps on the lower part. It also itches outside. Help?!!!!!How long does it usually take for deep vein thrombosis to occur after a long flight?!!!!!How do add and ADHD differ?!!!!!Is it okay for 18 year olds to take thermogenics?!!!!!I am a 19 y/o woman who regularly exercises and has a balanced diet. I take multivitamins too. Not sexually active, not on any medications. Lately, my period has been more frequent. This is the 4th month since when it started. I'm a little worried.!!!!!I had intercourse recently and I notice vaginal discharge immediately after intercourse. What could it be?!!!!!What is the anti-dose of taking too many cetrizyne hydrochlride? My friend has tried to commit suicide. What should I do to keep her safe from danger?!!!!!My husband has a frostbite after his recent vacation. How long does it take to heal?!!!!!I noticed severe pain in the pelvic area at night and could barely move. I'm currenrly on my period and have never experieced pain before/ during period. What could it be?!!!!!I accidentally bumped my toe into the bed yesterday and it's all swollen and painful today, could it be a fracture?!!!!!When should we have sexual intercourse- on the day I ovulate or before that, to increase the chances of conception?!!!!!How can I tests for ketones in my urine?!!!!!Can genital herpes spread through food?!!!!!When you lose weight, when does it plateau?!!!!!Am I safe having sex two days after getting Birth Control Shot?!!!!!Small bruises all over 3 year old female. Showing up with no apparent cause. Doctor Monday but worried As to why there are so many for no reason.!!!!!Is it necessary to get the h1n1 or h5n1 flu shot?!!!!!What are the symptoms of having a meniscal root tear in the knee? Please explain!!!!!I have been on medications for anxiety and depression for about 2 months now. I still have panic attacks. Does this mean I can take a higher dose than my usual 0.5 mg?!!!!!What do you think could be causing right sided low back pain along with abdominal discomfort?!!!!!My thyroid tests results are 91 for thyroid peroxidase antibodies and <1 for thyroglobulin antibodies and TSH 4.44 and T3(liothyronine) and total is 72 and I have no symptoms. !!!!!I need your opinion- Do you think the ovarian cysts enlrge when a female is ovulating?!!!!!Which conditions out of these can be diagnosed with MRI of back- uncovertebral hypertrophy, scoliosis, bilateral pars defect, foramina stenosis?!!!!!Can using condoms prevent transmission of herpes? I have a bump on the corner of my lip and I am a little worried. A little help please?!!!!!Where all can one experience Herpes breakouts?!!!!!I don't really like the shape of my nose. Do you think I should wait or get surgery done ASAP?!!!!!How does Minadex multivitamin syrup and 7seas help improve immunity in children? Can I give my daughter both or one of them?!!!!!How long does bleeding from anal fissure persist after applying steroid cream?!!!!!My sister has been admitted in the hospital for Dystonia and was wondering if it is ok to take Valium when taking Sinemet (carbidopa and levodopa) 100/25. The doctors do not seem to have an idea about whats going on. Should I take another opinion?!!!!!I am 17 years and since 2 days I noticed weak erections and hs difficulty maintaining. May I know what can I do?!!!!!I have pain in lower right jawline, and also feel swelling under it. I must also tell you m on provisional diagnosis of Bechet disease?!!!!!Can micro dermabrasion hurt?!!!!!Can a high blood pressure make the neck veins appear distended? And do steroids worsen an uncontrolled blood pressure?!!!!!I think I have ED. Would this worsen as I grow old?!!!!!I am looking for some good way to treat my acne. I have benzoyl peroxide ointment and an anti-acne soap at home. Which of these two do you think would be better for me?!!!!!Hello doctor, can I know the random causes of balck outs and seizures?!!!!!Do people with testicular cancer feel the pain come and go?!!!!!How can I help a depressed friend?!!!!!1st mth off of birth cont. I got my 'real' period, lasted about 6 days, today's day 9 & i'm lightly spotting (just 1x a day) for the past 2 days-odd?!!!!!My friend wants to know if there is any medication that he can use instead of Citalopram that gives the same effect because he is experiencing cold legs since when he began the medication.!!!!!My 16 months son has ethyl malonic aciduria, which kind of fats that harm his health (saturated or monoun saturated fat) ?!!!!!Should a daughter be tested for Celiac if the mother has been found to have it?!!!!!I was picking weeds in my backyard and noticed an itchy rash all over my body which starts on head and spreads rapidly to the rest of the body, turns very red and looks like stinging nettle or poison ivy. How do I know what it could be? Should I go to the ER?!!!!!My doctor advised me lisnopril and fish oil for blood pressure. Do you have any more suggestions? !!!!!Can seasonal allergies be cured with antihistamines?!!!!!What symptoms does ethyl malonic aciduria present with?!!!!!I've had a cold for 1week. I just stopped antibiotics. Coughing up grey mucus sometimes. Dr isn't concerned. Should l take 2nd lot of antibiotics?!!!!!What does it mean when muscles jump like in your arm is this anything serious?!!!!!Could you tell me, how substance abuse is diagnosed? !!!!!Which bacteria and viruses can a semen culture detect?!!!!!Can a pedigree help you trace a condition that is autosomal dominant or autosomal recessive?!!!!!I am having diarrhea, constipation, fever, nausea and bloating. I eat healthy, do not smoke and exercise reggularly. I have no stress. Do I have IBS?!!!!!My aunt had COPD and she was on 12.5mcg fentanyl. Her doctor doubled up her dose as her symptoms got worse and she died after 2 weeks. Do you think she died due to the overdose of fentanyl?!!!!!What can cause angina and migraine to happen together?!!!!!I am having cold but I usually take melatonin 10 mg for sleep, can I take Tylenol (acetaminophen) cold multisymptom nightime along with it? !!!!!I have yellow vaginal discharge, pain, itching and odor? I am not sexually active? May I know what are the causes? !!!!!It has been 6 months since I underwent breast surgery. What does it mean to have more gland leftover in one breast after 6 months into post op? Does that mean swelling or bad gland tissue?!!!!!When I go to sleep after a hectic day, I get very random thoughts like my mind is racing and like I am in a dream. What can I do to prevent that from happening?!!!!!Does Mecca Root pills cause weight gain or weight loss especially in the hip and buttock area?!!!!!If I have a 33 day cycle & I start chlomid on days 5-9 when should I have intercourse?!!!!!How early can you get an abortion?!!!!!I have this patch of peeling/blistering skin on the bottom of my foot. What is it and how do I get rid of it?!!!!!I am not sure how to explain but sometimes, when I am dreaming in my sleep, I am aware of dreaming and I am not sure if this is hallucination or something else. Do you know what could be the cause and how I can stop this?!!!!!I came on my period two time last month this month my boyfriend came inside me and I'm bleeding 4 days after we had sex?!!!!!Which hormones are responsible for giving you a male features on your face?!!!!!Are fibroadenomas malignant?!!!!!I have pain, numbness and tingling in the hand for a few weeks now. I also notice weakness sometimes. I have tried icing and ibuprofen but doesn't help. Does that sound like carpal tunnel?!!!!!Can you please tell me how to pass a marijuana drug test as I have been on marijuana for 5 weeks?!!!!!I've got a stabbing pain in my groin in scrotum, what would cause this?!!!!!I noticed a non-healing scab inside the left nostril for over a month now with easy to pull off fluffy part but base has been painful. Is it ok to use Neosporin?!!!!!Okay, so I need this info for my school paper. Does a disciplinary and or criminal record prohibit you from getting into professional school/medical school?!!!!!I developed sensitive gums 2 months after root canal and wanted to know what could cause them?!!!!!I have membranous nephropathy and I see a nephrologist. Can the disease ever go away or am I most certain to eventually be on dialysis someday. Thanks?!!!!!When I am laying on my back and when having intercourse in doggie style I am having burning. Is this normal?!!!!!I am trying to conceive and have been using ovulation prediction kit to find out when I will ovulate. How accurate are they?!!!!!Why do I have anxiety when I go in an elevator?!!!!!Is salmonella a type of infectious disease?!!!!!I bought qcarbo16 recently to cleanse and detoxify my body. I want to let you know that I am aware that many people use it to pass drug test but that is not why I bought it. I want to know more about it before I take it. Can you tell me how does it work exactly?!!!!!What could the cause of green colored stools with no symptoms?!!!!!I have high LH levels, Vitamin D deficiency, normal testosterone and low esterogen and progesterone and I want to know what is the cause of underdeveloped breasts in a women with PCOS?!!!!!Do you think erythromycin estolate can be helpful for my respiratory tract infection?!!!!!I am in my 20s and here to discuss a few symptoms I have been facing. I have noticed hot flashes multiple times in a day, excessive sweating, loss of appetite, anxiety and difficulty sleeping. What do you thinking is causing this?!!!!!Are SSRIs the best treatment for stress/anxiety? Which one is the best?!!!!!My dad has been diagnosed with epsilepsy, he used to have 30 seizures per day and has been prescribed 2000mg epillim. May I know, what I can do at my end to help my dad and prevent any further seizures episode? !!!!!I have eczema, do you think it can give me dry eyes and dry lips?!!!!!I heard a pop on bending over while sitting in a chair causing pain in the rib area. My doctor ordered a chest Xray, that came back normal. I am relieved that it is not a fracture. What can I try for relief from the pain?!!!!!I have heard stem cell research can help with diaseased arteries. In what other avenues can stem cell reaserch help? !!!!!How long does bleeding persist after undergoing a medical abortion?!!!!!I am addicted to smoking and I want to quit. I am wondering if nicotine patch or electronic cigarettes help better in quitting smoking. Any suggestions?!!!!!I've had swellings that have reoccurred on my labia majora thrice or so, but now I have a reddish roundish little sore. I'm not sexually active at all.!!!!!What are some ways to prevent pain during tattooing other than using a local anesthetic cream?!!!!!What over the counter medications help with symptoms of labyrinthitis?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and I am on the medication for few years and taking it regularly. I am planning to stop the medications? How should I stop the medication? Is there any withdrawal and how long will it take before I feel normal and completely get better with medication out of my system?!!!!!Please describe a good source of calcium for children that have a milk allergy?!!!!!What causes a 17 year old girl to experience pain and also a feeling of bubbles popping above the navel area?!!!!!Cold worse after 10 days. Symptoms: phlegm, shorter breath, chest pain, eyelids sealed by mucus at night. Is it more than a cold? What do I do next?!!!!!Can I take some hormones to make my face more masculine? I just want to impress my girlfriend. :D!!!!!Do MS and celiac disease have similar presenting neurological lesions?!!!!!I wear glasses, sometimes I don't wear them, either way my vision at night time is wrose off then day time, does that mean anything?!!!!!I have an Echocardiography scheduled for tomorrow, I am a bit worried, could you please walk me through the process for some peace of mind?!!!!!I'm experiencing frequent throat clearing since using ozone air generator...My guru calls it a healing reaction...What are your thoughts?!!!!!Does penicillin used in a 11 year for sore throat and headache cause harmful effects?!!!!!What sre the symptoms of plantar fascitis?!!!!!I have sciatica but recently, I have been experiencing pain at the upper aspect of my thighs. Is it due to sciatica?!!!!!I have recently been diagnosed with asthma and my doctor pescribed albuterol inhaler. I was wondering how long does it take to kick in and how often can I use the albuterol inhaler?!!!!!Haven't got my period since July cause I'm irregular could I still get pregnant?!!!!!I have started working out oflate and my trainer suggested I take whey protein because I am vegetarian. Could there be any side effects because of this?!!!!!Does drinking soda and juice harm the baby if you are pregnant?!!!!!I developed a headache after hitting my head accidentally while getting up at work. It has been a month. What could be wrong?!!!!!How common is it to have physical anxiety symptoms without feeling anxious?!!!!!Is it normal to have gastritis during your teens? The pain is getting worse even though I avoid the usual trigger foods.!!!!!I am training for a marathon since a month and now I have pain and swelling in my plantaris muscle. Is there any thing  I can do to help ease my pain??!!!!!Hello sir! I hav a skin Color pimples in my vagina lips! Is dat any problem? I'm really scared!!!!!!Hello doctor I overdosed on Ativan. I took 5 pills at once. Will I die?!!!!!What is listerine and how it helps?!!!!!I'm on my period, and i had unprotected sex, and he came inside me. 2 days later, the bleeding from my period stopped. Is that a chance of pregnancy?!!!!!2 years ago i had lyme ab screen mildly elevevated but western blot all non reactive. Now im testing pos for igm 23 and igm 41. What does this mean?!!!!!If u have had giardia and had it treated, but your liver enzymes rose what could that be a indication of?!!!!!What are the symptoms of caffeine overdose? Do I need to see a doctor for them?!!!!!Is it possible to get pitting edema on both sides because of being obese? How can it be treated?!!!!!I have started eating more protein. I notice that my stools are runny with abdominal pain. Can eating more protein cause such symptoms? I also take medicines for diabetes, can that be the reason?!!!!!I Have a tiny lump on the upper left side of my back. I have had it for about 2 months now. It is like a little grey spot. So please help.?!!!!!Can Oral contraceptive pills cause a woman to look less masculine?!!!!!Do I need to be fasting before taking ANA test?!!!!!Legs feel like something is crawling on them but there's nothing. What is this weird feeling?!!!!!Is it okay for momma to breastfed while taking prednisone?!!!!!Can antacids help prevent cavities?!!!!!Apart from zyrtec( cetrizine), what other medications can I have for swollen lips? !!!!!Could you educate me about chicken pox breakthrough symptoms on the body? !!!!!I recently ended my period a week ago and now have these cramps in the lower abdomen. I'm not sure if I'm ovulating. I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend before my period. Could I be pregnant?!!!!!I have been experiencing some biltaeral arm numbness, dizziness, heartburn but no chest pain. What could it mean?!!!!!My sister is 7 weeks pregnant, she started experiencing dizziness, right lower abdomen pain, shoulder pain. Her OBGYN did a scan, that showed ectopic pregnancy. Should she abort this pregnancy?!!!!!I used the morning after pill and had some bad side effects such as nausea, bloating. Does that mean that the pill has been effective?!!!!!Will anyone tell me how come I have small pimple like bumps n my nipple and the surrounding part?!!!!!Would you have any ideas on what could help with a "turkey neck" issue?!!!!!Why sinus lift is needed for prepping for dental implants? What kind of investigations are needed for it?!!!!!Very large bruise at old scar about 29 yrs ago i had my appendix removed. Now i was changing shirts to day and i saw a very large bruise around the scar in about a 6 or 8" circle. It looks like a big explosion of blood in the circle.!!!!!Can penicillin interfere with my period and cause an almost non existant one?!!!!!What are the symptoms of spine arthritis? !!!!!My father had an end stage cirrhosis for which he has to undergo a liver transplant. Can hepatic aneursym be a post operative complication?!!!!!When must I get a flu shot in preparation for moving to assisted living?!!!!!Could feeling lightheaded and dizzy be due to anemia?!!!!!I been on depo for about 2/3 years and off for 5 months. I want to get pregnant but haven't had a menstrual cycle, what can I do?!!!!!Hello. I have bloodly discharge and a little pain in my lower stomach and back. When I wipe after peeing I can see it and sometimes its mucus like..!!!!!I have been diagnosed with MS a year ago and undergoing treatment. Recently, my doctor shared about MS clinical trials in my area and asked me if I was interested in enrolling for clinical trails, but I am curious to know how these MS clinical trials are helpful? Do I think I should participate in these trials?!!!!!How can I prevent razor scars?!!!!!Are food intolerances like msg and onion permanent?!!!!!Is itchng of eyes a common side effect of Adderall?!!!!!Should Prozac be taken in divided doses throughout the day or all at once?  What is the maximum daily recommended dosage of Prozac?!!!!!I do see things. I have been prescribed Xanax ( Aprazolam) and as advised I took Adderall at 11:30, but I developed allergic reaction after that. Should I go to the ER? !!!!!I am thinking of getting a tattoo currently I am on the following medication. Effient 1 a day temsig 50mg 1/2 day ramipril 2.5 1 a day aspirin 1/day is it advisable to get a tattoo as I have 2 stents and have had a heart attack in the last 18 months?!!!!!Doctor do you know if there is any treatment for kleptomania?!!!!!How can a DHT blocker affect a female user on birthcontrol?!!!!!Two negative STD tests and urinelyis doctor said he don't know what it is but still mild buring when I pee. Would NSU show up on test and culture?!!!!!Does the liver absorb all the nutrients?!!!!!What is the effect of increases estrogen in the body?!!!!!I have a surgery scheduled this week and I was doing a little research on it. I came across terms 'surgical steel' and 'surgical grade'. Can you tell me if both are the same?!!!!!I had parts of my colon removed. I'm fine, but I have diarrhea everyday and can't seem to find a right diet for me! what can I do?!!!!!About 8 weeks pregnant had vaginal bleeding like small period yesterday for 1 hour then was only light brown spotting passed blood clot. Feel fine. Miscary?!!!!!My lower abdomen/pelvic area has been aching a lot on staning, moving around, laughing or sitting for last 2 days. It has been tender, bloated associated with bruise sensation. I underwent hysterectomy a year ago. What could be the cause of my symptoms?!!!!!How long can I continue using benzoyl peroxide for my pimples?!!!!!I took plan B last Saturday and the same evening got nuvaring. Got nuvaring removed 2 days ago and now have no period. I am concerned. !!!!!My hip muscles hurt a lot above my buttock like a pinch. I wear heels usually and it hurts on wearing flats. What could be the cause?!!!!!What is the bone spur surgery recovery time.?!!!!!I have been using a new fabric softener for the past one month and noticed some rashes on my hand. But, I also started using a new hand wash. How would I know if it is the fabric softener or the hand wash that is causing the allergy?!!!!!I've been taking antibiotics for my cold for almost a week now, but I still am coughing up some phlegm with grey mucous membranes. Should I continue with the antibiotics? !!!!!When I eat food my throat tightens badly, seemingly from being twisted by a motility disorder. I also get chain spasms and chest pain. No acid reflux.!!!!!Which is better for penis enlargment between penis extender and jelqing?!!!!!What is the difference between Refractory Chronic Migraines and Transformed Migraines? With CM do I need a headache specialist for general nuero?!!!!!What is the maximum dose of Guanfacine and Risperidal in kids?!!!!!How to manage high RBC and ESR counts with normal TSH levels and antithyroid antibody level at 9 which was 900 previously?!!!!!What if delayed ejaculation is due to psycological reason? Is there any treatment!!!!!Which investigations are needed to diagnose functional heart murmur? I have anemia and can sometimes feel that my heart beat is irregular. Do you I think I need to be worried or see a doctor?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with recurrent yeast infections and have had this issue for a few years. Are there some home measures I can try to prevent them from recurring? !!!!!How much time does it usually take for a female to conceive after getting off Depo-Provera (medroxyprogesterone)?!!!!!Would the type of bra I wear be causing my nipples to get more prominent?!!!!!I have l5-s1 slight bulging disc. One doc told me that I should quit squash for good and another doc said I can play again within 3 months. I'm 28?!!!!!I got what I thought were mosquito bites all over the body recently, that itch a lot. I didn't bother much as I thought those would subside but they look worse this morning and I am worried it could be something else. I'll share pictures of those bumps. Can you tell me if those look like spider bites?!!!!!I had a chest injury, now I am having under my breast along with difficulty in breathing. Any remedies? !!!!!If both metanephrine fractionated tests were abnormal, what is the likihood the ct of the abdomen and pelvis being abnormal. Was done w/wo contrast.!!!!!Is the soft tissue damage in  'open' reduction with intramedullary nailing of tibial shaft fracture severe enough to cause muscle weakness and slow bone healing. !!!!!Is cheek swelling and slight itching normal after 2 weeks of oral surgery?!!!!!I have constipation on and off and eating meat worsens the bowel movements. I have been using stool softeners and now have diarrhea. What can I do?!!!!!My mom often says she has lower back ache. My aunt complains of the same. What could be the causes of lower back ache in women?!!!!!Can I be taller than my parents?!!!!!Can vitamin and mineral supplements cause nausea or acid reflux when consumed regularly?!!!!!What are the symptoms of eye cancer?!!!!!I underwent a C section 2 months ago. My lower abdomen started hurting last night, that felt like cramps. I got my period today. What can I do for relief without affecting the region of my C section scar?!!!!!Is there a cure for yeast infections because my blood is so thin I have risk for internal bleeding?!!!!!How much sleep shoulda 13 yr old girl get a night?Shes very active&is trying to get a flatter stomach.She weighs 84lbs&is 4' 11"!!!!!My 9 old year son uses milk of magensia (magnesium hydroxide) as a deodorant. What are the side effects on using it as a deodorant?!!!!!I have a pianful bellubutton lump. Do I need to see a local doctor?!!!!!My sister is trying to lose weight and wants to sleep for a healthy number of hours. She is 14 and exercises, eats healthy. Would around 7-8 hours of sleep suffice?!!!!!Painful scar tissue left under atypical mole removal spot on calf. Sharp, deep pain. Dermatologist recommended plastic surgeon. What will happen?!!!!!I have a scab just inside my left nostril that hasn't healed in over a month. I pick off fluffy part but base more difficult n painful. Neosporin ok?!!!!!I have an on and off breast rash. Can my local doctor order tests and diagnose it even if it is fading away?!!!!!What is the use of dr dnp?!!!!!I have been given benxoxyl peroxide for pimples and after using the medication I am having redness and dry flaky skin. Is it normal?!!!!!Why am I not able to distinguish the different types of tastes and smells?!!!!!What is the cause of heart rate to get elevated during sleeping?!!!!!Can being stressed cause me to feel low on energy and have a reduced appetite?!!!!!Could you tell me if my thumb is blue, swollen and I can't move it dose that mean its cracked?!!!!!Are there any medications or treatment options to help with bloating and discomfort during an IBS flare up ?!!!!!I want to know about the safety of Zidovudine for HIV positive mothers?!!!!!Why does my left hip almost every night? I get up scraming with it. It goes from my hip bone around front of my leg and ends at my knee .!!!!!I have tension headaches and have been under lot of stress. What do you recommend i do?!!!!!My doctor said I have partial molar pregnancy as my hcg levels are through the roof. Can you tell me what parameters and what levels of hcg indicates partial molar pregnancy exactly?!!!!!I am having severe pain, can I take Advil and Tylenol (acetaminophen) together?!!!!!Can one have pain and numbness after a back surgery?!!!!!Do BC pills have any interaction with flax seed oil?!!!!!How can I make my inverted nipples point out?!!!!!Does flax seed oil, about 3 grams a day as prescribed by my opthamologist interact with ortho trip cyclen or other birth control pills?!!!!!What is that thing hanging behind in my mouth! Is that the uvula?!!!!!What is the 5-year prognosis with stomach cancer?!!!!!I have been experiencing a cough and fever for the past 1 week. Would eating salty foods help?!!!!!What side-effects to expect when taking Metronidazole in the presence if liver disease?!!!!!I have some diarrhea but I am breatsfeeding my 6 month old, so I want to avoid any antibiotics, but are probiotics safe?!!!!!What body temperature would account to be hypothermia?!!!!!Can you please advise my about good body work outs? I am 19 years old. !!!!!Have an itchy rash after 4 days of biaxin (clarithromycin). Have taken this before and was fine. Should i continue it?!!!!!Worried about lung cancer. Up back pain over 1 year now.  Had chest CT 8 months ago it was ok. 3 mris of throastic ok. Some cervical stenosis. Worry?!!!!!I have a small lump below my right ear. It started oozing pus last night, I think it is a boil. Can you tell me if I can try any remedies for relief and for its healing?!!!!!I experience difficulty with erection ever since I have been put on metoprolol for hypertension. I feel a lot better apart from this side effect and I want to continue the medication. Any tips on how to get over this difficulty with erection?!!!!!I used some ear drops after I some water got into my ears after swimming but now I feel worse- I cannot hear and it feels like drops are stuck in my ear. What should I do?!!!!!My mind races a lot when I try to sleep. Is that concerning?!!!!!How can globus pharyngeus be diagnosed? Can a swollen lymph node occur under the chin?!!!!!How is Lovenox used?!!!!!What is the recommended dose of Magnesium to be taken orally?!!!!!I have been noticing stomach ache, vomiting after eating food and frequent washroom breaks. Does that sound like amoeba infection?!!!!!I had intercourse today and I've been bleeding kind of heavily since then and I'm not on my period. But my period isn't regular either. It didn't pain?!!!!!If things get worse, can you share a phone number that I can call on?!!!!!I am 27 years old and have recently been prescribed medication for Erectile dysfunction. I notice that I keep having nocturnal emissions. Is that expected with the medication?!!!!!What additional benefit does Penicilln offer as compared to other drugs in the same category?!!!!!Where can I get a free prescription for birth control pills (lenonorgesterol)?!!!!!Could you please help? My son was prescribed Adderall, he developed reaction to that, we took him to the ER, he was prescribed Xanax( Alprazolam) about 1130 lat night, now he is seeing things? !!!!!Does a brown vaginal discharge mean I am pregnant?!!!!!Is it imperative that one has egg white cervical mucous while ovulating?!!!!!What to do if I'm allergic to sunscreen but I work out in the sun all day what can I do from stop getting burn?!!!!!Kleptomania, can it be passed down in the genes?!!!!!I am dealing with diverticulitis and have been prescribed levaquin(levofloxacin). Can you suggest some home remedies? !!!!!Which foods help in improving sexual energy?!!!!!From what i know about gen. Anesthesia, you get a shot, they put a mask over you and you wake up. But is there any weird activity when you wake up like laughing gas?!!!!!I am 8 weeks pregnant. I noticed vaginal bleeding like a light period yesterday for an hour and it was followed by brown vaginal discharge with a blood clot. I don't experience back ache, cramps and I feel fine but I am very worried. Did I have a miscarriage?!!!!!What is the retinal pigment epithelium?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am diagnosed with chlamydia and I am breastfeeding. Do you think my child will have chlamydia?!!!!!I'm 17 weeks pregnant and was wondering if it is bad to notice cramps already?!!!!!I got a rash on my belly. I am allergic to dogs. Can it be related? !!!!!I was diagnosed with step throat with symptoms like throat pain, fever and swollen throat associated with white spots. Could it cause diarrhea and facial pain as well?!!!!!How would you measure how severe pectus excavatum is?!!!!!I noticed sharp stabbing pain on the left side of the body along with unexplained numbness. What would you suggest I do?!!!!!Could you apprise me about the sources of vitamin D? !!!!!Hey doctor! Started my period yesterday. I feel like puking all the time and don't have any appetite. How can I treat this?!!!!!Is taking BC pills and emergency contraceptives together dangerous?!!!!!I have allergy to seafood and noticed a rash and swelling of my lips after I ate a small portion of shrimp. I have some breathing difficulty. Should I go to the ER?!!!!!I am not able to walk because my legs become numb. What is the treatment for this?!!!!!I have abdominal obesity with fatty thighs but upper limb looks atrophied. Is it serious? !!!!!Can permanent hearing loss occur from operating small aircraft all the time?!!!!!Can I take vitamin D shots instead of pills? It does come in injectable form, right?!!!!!I have been trying to conceive for a while and I have been taking fertility pills regularly for last 2 months. My cycles are usually irregular and I missed my period by 23 days. I notice a few signs of pregnancy but my urine pregnancy test came back negative today. What should I do now?!!!!!Female lower right quadrant abdominal pain, should I be concerned?!!!!!I have been having this numbenss and pain in my toes for a few days now, what's going on?!!!!!I am getting PMS symptoms. When can I  expect my period to start?!!!!!How does seroquel (quetiapine) work?!!!!!I have been prescribed on fluconazole for vaginal yeast infection. How long would it take to clear?!!!!!What are GMO's?!!!!!I have a small bruise at the site from where blood was drawn this morning. is that normal?!!!!!What helps to reduce the swelling that has come up on the head of my 7 month old son after he fell off the back of a couch?!!!!!Can psoriasis be passed on in the family? Can a person inherit it from their grandparents?!!!!!My stomach is always making rumbling noises, whether or not I have just eaten. I never have much gas though. Noises are very loud. What is this?!!!!!What does lymph node with echo -gene center means? What can cause Swolling of these type of lymph nodes.!!!!!If your number two is hard and dark what does that mean?!!!!!Can hemorrhoids lead to colon cancer?!!!!!I am having difficulty in breathing along with pain under the left breast which escalates on moving. What it could be? !!!!!My father has been diagnosed with liver failure, is it fatal, what treatment should I get for him?!!!!!Can having a milk allergy cause circles to form under the eyes?!!!!!I injured my ankle this morning. My ankle hurts a lot and I am not able to bear weight on my ankle. I think I have a talar dome fracture. What should I do next?!!!!!I have been having L 4-5, foot pain for a year now. Some doctors are saying its noithing, others are saying it's nerve related. What do you think?!!!!!Does smoking and drinking alcohol can affect the ability of sperm to remain viable inside the uterus for 7 days? !!!!!I was working out in the gym and lifted some weights today and started noticing severe upper back pain and around shoulder blade. I have sevee pain while trying to move my arm. What can I do to help with the pain?!!!!!Have water fluid on feet and legs pretty bad, already on water pills....Have a hard time sleeping and fine it hard to walk... Should I go to the er?!!!!!Is it common for a pregnant woman on bedrest to have atrophy and blood clots, does everyone get them?!!!!!I have sleep issues, I used to take Tamazepam 30 mg from past quite a few years, which used to work barely for me, now the doctors have switched me to ambien, which doesn't work at all. What should I do? !!!!!What would give me an eye infection?!!!!!Is it concerning if the penis gets swollen or blue after sexual intercourse?!!!!!Do swollen lymph nodes always indicate cancer? Do cancerous lymph nodes have echo gene center?!!!!!My doctor said I had cervical dysplasia 2 years ago, that subsided last year based on my pap smear reports. I got my annual pap smear last week and it showed cervical dysplasia again. I have been in relationship with only one partner for last 4 years. I don't understand why it is back after it subsided, please help me. !!!!!I got bit by an insect on my calf muscle. Its been bruised for almost a month now. Its not itchy but it is swelling & pain when I bend my knee?!!!!!What can be done if the common bile duct is dilated?!!!!!My father was diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder recently. I was doing research on it online and I came across Tourette Syndrome in an article. Can you tell me what exactly are these two syndromes? !!!!!How can I treat hyperemesis gravidarum and associated cramps at home?!!!!!What can cause neck vessels to become engorged and distended episodically that improves greatly with daily replacement doses (20mg) of hydrocortisone?!!!!!What are the ways to manage a UTI at home?!!!!!High myopia category involves the astigmatism also?!!!!!What shall I expect at an appointment for my rash on breast?!!!!!Are there any quick home remedies for slight belly ache and headache?!!!!!Hello doctor, I have pain and swelling in my heal for 6 months and I am diagnosed with plantar fascitis. May I ask how long will it take to heal? !!!!!Pain in mid right of stomach?!!!!!What does a medical physicist do during cancer treatment?!!!!!Is odomos safe during pregnancy?!!!!!When will I get the baby bump if I am 10 weeks pregnant?!!!!!According to my boyfriend last time I had an absence events I had tears rolling down my cheeks but I wasn't sobbing or anything, is this normal?!!!!!What are the treatment options for enlarged adenoids?!!!!!I've been taking 25mg Benadryl (diphenhydramine) 2-3 time a day for about 6 months for involuntary movements. What can I expect as withdrawal symptoms if I stop?!!!!!How many years after quitting smoking do the lungs get back to normal?!!!!!What are damon braces?!!!!!Is it healthy to eat fish during the first trimester of pregnancy? I just got some yesterday and opened the plastic foil. Though I should ask before eating it.!!!!!I got my wisdom tooth removed by an oral surgeon yesterday as referred by my dentist. What type of foods should I eat and for how long? !!!!!My OBGYN said I have partial molar pregnancy and that my hcg levels are very high. Would I have to abort my child?!!!!!Feeling frequent deja vu. I've had maybe 3 panic attack with in the past couple months that has left me a bit anxious and was wondering if it's that?!!!!!How can I differentiate between PMS and pregnancy symptoms?!!!!!Can u get pregnant from pre cum?!!!!! I have a history of constant headaches since 5 years. Seems like migraines recently. Consulting a local neurologist or an opthalmologist has not helped either.!!!!!I get irregular period but I want pregnancy. Any tips?!!!!!Symptoms of arthritis in the spine?!!!!!I was diagnosed with diverticulitis a couple of months ago. My lower back started hurting last night. I think it could be due to lifting of heavy weights, that I have been doing for last 1 week. Can I take ibuprofen? I was wondering if ibuprofen worsens my diverticulitis symptoms. !!!!!I have bad sore throat with tickling, cough and fever for the past 4 days which is not getting better with any over the counter medicine. Do you think it could be strep throat?!!!!!Can compression fractures during old age be treated?!!!!!Does a root canal procedure cause the AST and ALT levels to rise up?!!!!!Is a fast heartbeat normal after taking methylprednisolone?!!!!!What are those tiny white bumps on the tip of my tongue? Can I spread it to my infant?!!!!!I had back surgery 3 years ago and left with numbness in right leg and hip area. Could this treatment help me? L3-5 fusion with hardware!!!!!Can you tell me what the side effects of using dr dnp are?!!!!!Could you educated me about some illnesses of lymphatic system? !!!!!I got injured today over the fleshy part of hand below thumb while playing volleyball. I applied ice packs for a while. It caused numbness and I am not able to feel that area nor move my thumb. Did I make it worse? What should I do?!!!!!What are the management options available for a UTI?!!!!!How do you safely remove a swimmer with a possible head injury from the water?!!!!!Is a brain epidermoid and a meningioma one and the same thing?!!!!!I have delayed ejaculation for which I went in for an examination and all the test results have come up negative. I haven't seen my doctor yet to discuss the results but I called his office the nurse told me that I might have delayed ejaculation due to psychological causes. If that is the case, is there any treatment for that?!!!!!Should I worry if I developed horizontal double vision after being diagnosed to have Hodgkins Lymphoma in the past?!!!!!I often get poison ivy, is there any shot available to counter it?  My doctor's nurse say there isn't. !!!!!What is the ideal weight for a 33 year old woman?!!!!!How posterior viterous detachment of eye is treated?!!!!!Is this still in healing process or it could be a scar. What should I do? Do I need an check up appointment or I have to wait mo I had treated age spots 2 1/2 weeks ago with liquid nitrogen. The scabbing fell off in 5 days. Now, the treated spots turned!!!!!Hi.I went to cardiologist,did a ECG that shows st-t changes,did echocardiography and my heart its good but see some interruption. That's Bad? 27 years!!!!!My friend was diagnosed with bell's palsy because of left side face numbness, she is worried, as she thinks it might be stroke? What she can do now? !!!!!Does lung cancer always effect oxygen levels.!!!!!Does vitamin D come in shot form?!!!!!Possibility of being pregnant had sex and bleeded. Is that normal or is there something wrong?!!!!!Is it possible for a teenager to have really bad stomach acid? It's gotten worse and I usually avoid trigger foods  but lately even antacids won'thelp!!!!!What is the prevalence of green eyes? Are they rare?!!!!!I have been taking gracinia combogia for weight loss. Does it have any interactions with apple cider vinegar?!!!!!After many courses of antibiotics i still have the helicobacrer bacteria. What can you advise me?!!!!!According to my ovulation 28 day cycle i was supposed to get my periods on 7may my last period was 9april and today is 10 may.... Could i be pregnant ?!!!!!Can you suggest some exercises for my lower back? I had a lot of back ache and my doctor diagnose me with a lumbar strain. !!!!!Why do I have chest wall pain and hard time breathing long after workouts ?!!!!!May I know, what are the withdrawal symptoms, when we quit smoking? !!!!!I read online that babies are born with 300 bones and many of them are cartilagenous intoatlly and then, they ossify, unite to become strong, big bones as the baby grows. I was wondering how that cartilage found in babies is different from the cartilage seen in adults because in adults, the cartilage does not ossify?!!!!!I have redness, swelling and bump around my eyelid. Doctor said it is a clogged duct. May I know what can be done to help ease symptoms?!!!!!I have been experiencing dizziness with occasional ear pain for last few months. Do you think this indicates brain tumor or could it be just a sinus issue? I am so scared of brain tumor, please help me.!!!!!I had unprotected sex 2 weeks ago, I started getting a brown discharge, but I havent started yet. What can it mean? I have irregular periods btw.!!!!!My 10 year old nephew has been diagnosed with gastritis. What are some dietary precautions that can help him?!!!!!How can I treat back burning from a UTI?!!!!!What helps with itchy bumps that come up when hair starts to grow back after removing them with a hair removing lotion?!!!!!My mother is a hypertensive and overweight. She has been snoring a lot lately and has excessive day time sleepiness. Does that sound like obstructive sleep apnea?!!!!!What can you do if you can't get the contact lens in at all?!!!!!At what level of heart rate it is considered to be high?!!!!!I am getting married and will be leaving for my honeymoon next week. How can I delay my breakthrough bleeding?!!!!!Could you apprise me of some foods that can increase semen ejection volume? !!!!!Anal fissure has been bleeding a lot for a week now. Started steroid cream treatment one day ago. How long will it continue to bleed a lot?!!!!!How long do most birthmarks stay for in infants?!!!!!I have latent squint due to fourth nerve palsy. I started seeing two images of every object, that I see recently. I forgot to ask my doctor about this. Is it due to fourth nerve palsy?!!!!!I have been forgetting where I am, what I'm doing or saying. What could be causing the forgetfulness?!!!!!I have vomiting, paleness and weakness and has upper left sharp pain that radiated to the upper back. It has been going on for 5 years. Can you help me? !!!!!Is increase in body temprature a common side effect during recovery after undergoing PRK?!!!!!How can I know if I have a varicose vein or a blood blister?!!!!!I have been experiencing ankle pain for a long time now and started out of nowhere. I have not sustained any injuries. Does that sound like a ligament pain?!!!!!What is alkaline phosphatase?!!!!!Is painful periods common with birth control pills?!!!!!Which exercising regimen help to loose belly fat?!!!!!Can you get a white spot on the uvula in a thraot infection, have been experiencing some sore throat early mornings for a few days now.?!!!!!I am using nuvaring. How safe am I?!!!!!Is it safe to drink salt water with a history of hypertension?!!!!!I just had a blood sugar value of 136, does that mean I have diabetes?!!!!!What is the cause of left hip pain that radiates down the leg to the knee?!!!!!My daughter is 17 years old and yesterday we went to see her doctor for pain near navel area and her doctor just mentioned that it could be trapped gas that might be responsible for the pain and bubbling/ popping sensation. She did not give any medication and my daughter still has the same discomfort, it is not that bad though. Do you have any recommendations for her?!!!!!What is the life expectancy for someone with mixed connective tissue disease?!!!!!What are the symptoms of depression and anxiety?!!!!!I am taking methylprednisone for poison ivy, do you think it is safe to have a glass of wine?!!!!!My sister is trying to lose weight. She eats healthy, is active but is not able to lose any. We did some reading and read that not sleeping enough at night can lead to weight gain. Is that true?!!!!!I am 8 weeks pregnant. I had vaginal bleeding yesterday with blood clots and severe lower abdomen cramps. My doctor said I could have miscarried. When can I try for next pregnancy?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am 15 and I have severe pain during periods?? Do I have endometriosis? What are the symptoms? !!!!!Hello doctor can you please tell me about the company that tests for genes for smelly urine from asparagus?!!!!!My 2 yr old has red bumps with white middle spots on his stomach, chest, and thighs. They don't bother him but have been there for 1 wk. What r they?!!!!!How do I increase my chnaces of getting pregnant?!!!!!Do you have any tips on how I can manage pain from psoriatic arthritis and fibromyalgia?!!!!!Can a rib fracture be diagnosed on a chest X-ray?!!!!!I have numbness, weakness and tingling sensation on both legs and feet, that hurt on walking. My legs and feet throb until numbness sets in at rest. I think I have peripheral artery disease. Would my legs be amputated?!!!!!Is it contraindicated to insert a urinary catheter into a patient who has a myocardial infarction?!!!!!My boyfriend fingered me and he had precum on his hand. What are the chances of pregnancy? Can the sperm travel through my vagina and get me pregnant?!!!!!I shared food with people I don't know too well, eating from same plate. Have a canker sore. Chances of contracting oral/genital herpes?!!!!!How to treat purplish discoloration due to injuries?!!!!!My ears are blocked and I have runny nose and dryness in throat. I think I have common cold but I am worried I have hayfever. Can you tell me what could be the cause of my symptoms?!!!!!My 7 mth old son fell off the back if a couch and hit his head on the concrete floor. How should I treat the swelling? When will it go down?!!!!!I am having swollen up glands in my armpit. What are the causes? !!!!!I have been diagnosed with arthritis in the knees. What can I do to get some relief?!!!!!I developed a scar over a healed tattoo and was told it is not a keloid. What are the other possibiltiies?!!!!!Is it safe to use silicone gel sheet on acne scar on the face?!!!!!Both of we are carrier and our first baby has hb e beta thall. We are interested about our 2nd baby.Is there any genetic treatment? Please advice...!!!!!How can you test cholesterol levels?!!!!!Taking lexapro 10 mg lamotirigine 200mg and seroqule 100mg and prenatale trying to get pregnant shuld I stop antidepresant know or after I get pregna?!!!!!I have a problem with frequent urination. Could I be having diabetes?!!!!!Is it true that food poisoning can give problems like kideny damage, diabetes, hypertension due to some permanent damage done to the body?!!!!!What do you recommend to treat a severed posterior longitudinal ligament?!!!!!Where do I go for suspected wound infection ( not surgeon but I did not have surgery.It is a wound that healed by itself)?!!!!!May I know what is uterine perforation and how is it treated?!!!!!Is it possible to conceive if one had an abortion 10 years back?!!!!!What is the treatment of a yeast infection?!!!!!Arthritis in the knees. What could be the best way to get relief?!!!!!Can a constant fear of death make it difficult to live a normal life?!!!!!I have noticed clogging of my left ear for the last 4 days. I have been diagnosed with a common cold that also caused congestion. Thereafter, I was treated with Azithromycin, my last dose being today.  !!!!!Can Celiac Disease mimic MS even after being treated with a strict gluten-free diet? Could my untreated Celiac have caused my brain lesions?!!!!!I have been prescribed 20 mg of Prozac ( fluoxetine)  for 4 days but I think I took 3 tablets in one go. Do you think self induced vomiting can help me to get it out of my system?!!!!!Does food poisoning cause permanent damage? I heard in a study that it causes kidney damage, diabetes, and high blood pressure later on.!!!!!Any ideas on how to stop these cysts from forming on my neck?!!!!!I have sharp pain in upper right quadrant of abdomen. I noticed orange colored urine and I feel dizzy, bloated. All of my test reports came back normal. I have hemophilia and I think my kidney needs further evaluation. I am so scared, do you think I would need any surgery?!!!!!Is the gm diet a good one?!!!!!How do I talk to my doctor about incontinence?!!!!!What is a subchondroplasty procedure and what is the out come?!!!!!What are the clinical symptoms of myocardial infarction?!!!!!I read an article that the human body was not designed to eat meat and we should primarily be eating only vegetarian food. Is this true? Some people seem to be complaining of bloating, gassiness after eating meat. Does that happen?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with ovarian cancer. Can that cause my leg to feel numb and swollen?!!!!!In the past year I have experienced sharp pains in my left breast. I have had an exam and even and mammogram and everything is ok.!!!!!I have been experiencing cramps, low grade fever, abdomen bloating, headache, nausea for last 3 days. I have been passing urine a lot and getting tired easily lately. What could be the cause?!!!!!For how long should I avoid intense workouts if I have recently been diagnosed with l5-s1 slight bulging disc?!!!!!Any tips on how to slow down hair loss in the middle of the scalp?!!!!!I have been experiencing flank pain for last 3 days and noticed blood in urine yesterday but no burning sensation while passing urine or increased frequency of urination. Do I have kidney stones or bladder polyps?!!!!!I have a healed scar on my leg. Would lemon juice help with it?!!!!!What are the management options available for cvid and Parkinsons !!!!!What is neuromytonia (isaacs syndrome)?!!!!!I am experiencing urinary dribbling and abnormal urine stream. Recently catheterized during surgery could this have caused my issues?!!!!!I have been dealing with an ingrown toenail for 2 yrs now and wanted to know if it would be bad to wait for 5 months to get a surgery?!!!!!My little one is 7 years old and is taking antihistamine daily for his seasonal allergies. Can you sugest some natural remedies that can help her?!!!!!Do you know what could be some causes of acne on chin and jawline? I am not a teenager, so I am not sure what might be the cause for my acne. I am 32. Can by birth control result in acne?!!!!!What does it mean when everything smells and taste the same!!!!!Do you think it is okay to use OTC ear drops if you have swimmer's ear?!!!!!I have weakness in my arms, legs and face on one side and it started suddenly. There is tingling and numbness as well. I am concerned. !!!!!What is the cause of dizziness, tinnitus, lack of coordination while walking?!!!!!My friend is also on nuva ring. What happens if she washed her ring with really hot water cuz she's stressing out about it.?!!!!!What are the causes of tongue pain?!!!!!Hello doctor, I have been given antibiotics to help ease my 3rd degree bed sore. May I know if I can continue my hypertensive medications with the antibiotics?!!!!!My dad has stage 4 nsclc, what tests he should normally do to check the progress/ regress? And how often.!!!!!What causes back pain on the right side?!!!!!I am on lisinopril, can I take fish oil with lisnopril together?!!!!!I can't see in the dark as well as others can? Do I need carrots or vitamin a?!!!!!I've been tracking my ovulation since my medical abortion a few months back, I want to conceive again, what do you suggest I do?!!!!!I understand surgical grade indicates the amount of alloys in surgical stainless steel. I have health anxiety and I want to know if use of these instruments and prosthetics absolutely do not cause complications. Any thoughts?!!!!!Does  a meniscal displacement cause pain along the joint line? What are some of the symptoms of having a displacement?!!!!!Does any gum swelling happen during a period?!!!!!Which medications help to shrink uterine masses?!!!!!I'm a 25 yr old African American girl with an extremely sensitive skin and wanted to see if you had any suggestons for a good sunscreen lotion?!!!!!For the 1st time a lot of clear colorless odorless liquid gushed out of vagina 2 days after sex with my partner of 2 years. Had my period a week later!!!!!Can you walk me through the process of a fetal heart ultrasound?!!!!!My dad has a lump on his bicep just slightly after the crease of his forearm. Its no longer as bruise and it never cause him pain but the lump remains?!!!!!I have been noticing visible veins on the legs for a few months now and have been having leg cramps during evenings and night. What can I do to help while I wait for my appointment?!!!!!How can I increase my height?!!!!!My feet always keep going numb and are unusually cold most of the times. What's going on?!!!!!I was told i have serve hypothyroidism now my handskeep feeling like they are asleep my feet hurt really bad and have dry skin on feet is it thyroid?!!!!!I am 7 weeks pregnant and I have mild pubic bone pain for last 2 days. Should I be worried? !!!!!Should we taper the number of cigarretes per day, while planning to quit smoking or it should be done abruptly? !!!!!How long does a bruise on the chin, usually take to heal completely?!!!!!How do you know when you are undergoing respiratory depression? Extremetly fatigues!!!!!Can a hymen be repaired once ruptured to make it look like one is still a virgin?!!!!!What are the complications of a bunion surgery?!!!!!Which medications can Risperidal interact with? I started it 2 days back and I just want to be careful.!!!!!My sperm count is 15 millions and is there a chance I can get some one pregnant? Can I be pregnant? !!!!!I have a painless small hard bump on the sternum that seems to be a little dark and is about 2 cm in size, above the nipple level. Is this something to be worried about?!!!!!I had my meniscus repaired last week I'm not supposed to bear weight on this leg. I lost my balance and caught my self using this leg briefly,am I ok?!!!!!I have the birth control mirena (levonorgestrel) and I have irregular periods but i also have brown discharge so what does that mean?!!!!!I need some tips on how to reduce abdominal fluid retention?!!!!!Clomiphene citrate 100mg from   3rd day for 5 days any possibility for twins and conceiving? Please answer!!!!!Hi! I have a 7 years old daughter i noticed that she's having a deep breathing in every minute. What is wrong with her?!!!!!I have been to ER for leg and feet swelling and they prescribed water pills. But I am unable to sleep tonight, what can I do to get some relief from discomfrt due to swelling?!!!!!How long is it normal for a jammed joint in your foot take to heel?!!!!!What is the advice you can give me for my son who has cerebral palsy since his school is not taking him in?!!!!!I am on birth control. Is sore nipple a side effect?!!!!!I have diseased arteries, can stem cell research help me?!!!!!What increases blood coagulation?!!!!!I have a painful sore inside my nose, it is red and rough. My nose is very dry too. What is it and how do I treat it? It won't go away and it hurts.!!!!!What is Cervical cancer a risk factor for?!!!!!Hey! Visited the doctor today, he said my blood pressure is 150/90 mmHg. Did not prescribe anything, just told to exercise and diet. Wondering if aloe vera juice would help?!!!!!I want to loose my weight in a short time, what can be done?!!!!!When i close my eyes and so tired (trying to sleep) suddenly random thoughts come to my mind like a very fast dream.should i worry?!!!!!My sinuses have been blocked due to allergies and was prescriebd on nasal spray which seems to help a little. Will I need antibotics if I do not have a fever?!!!!!What questions should I be asking when looking for a pain management doctor for my 85-year-old father who has severe back pain? (history of surgeries)!!!!!I am looking for an opinion from a professional. I am eating 5 different types of vegetable curries. Do you think this is a healthy way of eating veggies and does this count towards my 5?!!!!!Had pruritus for 2 weeks. Went away but now I have abdominal and right flank pain. Could it be gallstones?!!!!!How do I get rid of red spots on my torse, neck and back?!!!!!I was at an ENT for another issue and he said my adenoids are pretty swollen. I'm 20 years old. Is this normal? I never went back to follow up.!!!!!Can hairloss be caused by a severe infection and poor nutrition?!!!!!What is the ideal temperature during recovery after having PRK done?!!!!!I think I have MRSA, I have red swollen lesions on my skin and they hurt. I also feel a bit sleepy and nauseated. I am a diabetic also, do you think I should see a doctor in person?!!!!!What are the common side effects of medications that help with high blood pressure?!!!!!Who passes the height genes to a female? Is it the dad or the mom?!!!!!I have pain in hips during PMS, bad cramps after C-section. Pap smear and USG is normal and doctor is concerned about hormones. Is only getting a surgery a definitive diagnosis for endometrisois? !!!!!I have been told to breathe deeper to breathe better, what does that mean? !!!!!My resting heart rate seems to go from 60s to 80s after eating. Is that expected after eating?!!!!!After a 3 days of influenza (flu) w/ fever took ibuprofen and acetaminophen it have left me with a back burning sensation. No problem during peeing. ?!!!!!I have a rash due to contact dermatitis as diagnosed by my doctor. I am worried about scarring due to this. Does dermatitis usually result in scarring?!!!!!Do you think some counselling by a psychologist can help someone who has mood swings or is a sore loser?!!!!!Can a person with heart disease develop hepatic aneurysm? Can they also undergo a liver transplant because of end stage liver cirrhosis?!!!!!Is hypothyroidism a disorder of the immune system?!!!!!I underwent total knee replacement a couple of months and I was told to take antibiotic medications before my dental exam. I have a gynec exam scheduled tomorrow and I am wondering if I should take antibiotic medications. Any thoughts?!!!!!Does a CT report that says 6mm ground glass ill defined upper left lung mean cancer for sure?!!!!!What is causing me to feel pulsations in my neck while working out? I have also noticed that my HR drops during this time but the BP is still high. Can you explain how this works?!!!!!Can I engage in unprotected sex with by boyfriend with whom I have been with since 2 years if I have abnormal cells on my cervix?!!!!!My LMP is July. History of irregular period. Do you think I can be pregnant.!!!!!Does HPV turn into cancer even if one has taken the Gardisil shot?!!!!!My friend  has vitamin D level of 20 and has been advised vitamin D supplement. People tell me that it causes muscle cramps. Is it true? !!!!!Brain epidermoid, is it the same as a  meningioma tumor the difference between the two       3cm brain stem / 8cm front lobe?!!!!!How can I improve my posture? I have at least 4 inches of head forward tilt from rounded shoulders. Remembering just to stand up straight, no.!!!!!My doctor confirmed that I am pregnant and I noticed dark brown vaginal discharge this morning but no clots. I am very worried about chances of miscarriage because I didn't notice fetus when I checked my sanitary napkin. How do I confirm this? Am I still pregnant?!!!!!I'm a 58 yr old man with negative WIDAL test 25 days after receiving treatment. Does that mean that infection has cleared?!!!!!I have severe abdominal pain, bloating, burping and nausea. I skipped my meals. May I know what is the cause?!!!!!I want to get pregnant but have irregular period.!!!!!I am a little confused. I think the radiologist in the ER ready my CT scan incorrectly. Actually, I went to ER for bad pelvic pain and back ache and the scan report read that may right ovary is larger than the left with some heterogeneity. But I don't have a left ovary. Do you think it is possible to see left ovary on a scan if I don't have it?!!!!!What is a functional heart murmur and what precautions need to be taken with one?!!!!!Does the pus of gonorrhea smell?!!!!!I have no cough, feeling of something stick is throat, upper back ache and chest feels heavy. What are the causes of my symptoms? !!!!!Do you think there's ever going to be a cure for herpes? Or are people already trying to find a cure? Do you think there's a chance of finding a cure?!!!!!Hello doctor I am trying to conceive for 2 years and all my tests are normal and the sperm analysis of my husband is normal as well. What can be done to help?!!!!!Does a abdominal binder increase one's blood pressure significantly?!!!!!What helps to increase weight in a 20 year old weighing 62 Kgs and the height being 5'6''?!!!!!How do the doctors conclude that delayed ejalculation is due to psychological reasons?!!!!!I have a sore on my mouth that refuses to heal, although I moisturize the area regularly. Today, however, I noticed a few small bumps on the upper lip. What do you think caused this?!!!!!I have numbness on right cheek, twitching and no other symptoms and I am concerned. !!!!!After I had sex during my period, I experienced cramping in the stomach and the lower back. Will Paracetamol help with the pain?!!!!!Hello doctor, I have wound infection and I am given amoxycillin for the infection. How should I take the medication and how long should I use the medication?!!!!!I would like some more insight into what's going on with me. My Ob/gyn has advised me Provera 10 mg because he diagnosed me with PCOS. Actually, I went in for a check-up because I missed my period for 2 months early this year and has been having brown discharge. !!!!!2 period in 1 month am i pregnant ?!!!!!When does a doctor use a large needle to stitch with?!!!!!How likely is a dermoid cyst going to be cancerous? Just had one removed!!!!!I had unprotected sex and now after 2 weeks I have rash on stomach and fever. Do I have HIV?!!!!!How can I support my sister who has been diagnosed with catatonia. Anything that I can do at my end?!!!!!What symptoms to expect when one has an inflammation of the prostate? !!!!!Can shaving the hair from the face cause pain?!!!!!Which brand of natural progesterone cream is most suitable for a girl with pcos?!!!!!Can a keloid scar develop over old healed tattos?!!!!!I am on gluten free diet. What all I need to avoid?!!!!!I'm about 4 weeks postpartum and noticed some blood in urine on wiping this morning. No bleeding today and this would be my 4th C-section now. Should I be worried?!!!!!I have diabetes and hence recurrent yeast infections. If I control the blood sugar, will that prevent them from recurring?!!!!!What might cause a slightly dilated common bile duct when all of the other organs look good?!!!!!My granfather has a brain tumor. Can it result in impaired congnition?!!!!!Can Sciatica present with severe pain that travels from the lower back to down the legs along with restriction of movements?!!!!!My aunt has angina pectoris. Should she take medications every day?!!!!!Is cirrhosis of the liver cancer?!!!!!What foods help to manage alkaline phosphatase?!!!!!I am planning for moving to assisted living. When would be the best time to take the flu shot?!!!!!I have constant lightheadedness for last few years. I consulted an ENT and a PCP, neuro exam, allergy test, blood work all came back negative. Is it due to anxiety?!!!!!What is mecoblamin? What is this medicine usus for?  My mother is diabetic patient, does this medicine useful? Thank you in advance!!!!!My left testicle has been hurting yesterday since when I walked for a long time. Can standing or walking for a long time cause testicle pain?!!!!!How do I prevent embarrassment from loud stomach noises in public?!!!!!I am having gynecological problems and wanted to know which is better hysterectomy or uterine ablation?!!!!!What helps in improving sexual energy?!!!!!Are catatonia and "emotional unavailability the same thing?!!!!!I have been having a foul smelling, itchy vaginal discharge. Is this yeast?!!!!!Is it normal for one testicle to be lower than the other one?!!!!!Is there a fee for writing doctor's note?  My finger got jammed, there is a blood blister and swelling. !!!!!My heart rate has been fluctuating between 58-60 while in bed, which then increases while changing positons and then goes back to 60. Does that seem normal?!!!!!I have pain and itch at two spots, does this means I am infected? I sustained them as I pricked myself on a knockout bush last friday.  I wanted to add that swelling has gone down. !!!!!Can the  adrenalin levels come down when one takes 5htp?!!!!!I have a full thickness tear/rupture of the flexor hallucis tendon after bunion surgery 3 mos ago.  It is retracted 2.5 cm. and I cannot bend big toe downward.  What are long term possible problems without ability of my big toe to push downward, to provid!!!!!Is it possible for a sciatica pain to be in the top of my thighs?!!!!!My 92 y.O friend suffers with knee & ankle arthritis. She is on xeralto 15mg, will using arnica gel for pain interfere with this blood thinner ? Thank!!!!!Is an enlarged heart on X-ray deadly?!!!!!What does sharp excrutiating pain in the groin and scrotum mean? What can cause this?!!!!!I have high blood pressure, choletsrol and even diabetes. taking medications for that. What are my chances for heart disease? !!!!!I'm currently 5 weeks pregnant and have asthma. Is it sfae to take prednisone?!!!!!What are the symptoms of Crohn's disease? I feel I may be developing it :(!!!!!What is the treatment for headaches caused by astigmatism?!!!!!After I had intercourse with hubby I noticed slight fresh blood and burning sensation and urge to urinate. What might be the cause?!!!!!What can I do to increase my chances of getting pregnant? I also did medical abortion 5 months ago. I use the ovulation kit and no results. Plz help!!!!!Stopping the contraceptive pill after being on it for 8 years. How long will it be till I am fully natural with my cycle again? Will my acne return?!!!!!8 month old looks to the side or looks up and after a couple of seconds shakes his head and fusses. is that normal or abscent seizers?!!!!!Can doxycycline treat an ear infection?!!!!!Is blood pressure of 124/66 OK? My blood pressure is normally 110 /74. I'm feeling edgy and wired right now at 2 am.!!!!!What are the common symptoms of bruises?!!!!!Is there any cure for restless legs?!!!!!When I have a soft stool I have to wipe perineum as there is feces there, not on vagina but the skin under. Always wipe front to back. Is this normal?!!!!!Is microdermabrasion painful?!!!!!Can metronidazole topical cream be used vaginally?!!!!!I have recently been diagnosed with anxiety and depression by my primary care physician and referred me to a psychiatrist. I do not wish to get on medications and was wondering if I could try anything to cope with anxiety? Do you know any online resources? Does therapy work?!!!!!My doctor prescribed me synthyroid instead of armour which I have been using for years. Can I take my birth control with synthyroid?!!!!!What causes a problem with lower back (right side) down the leg to near ankle?!!!!!Can you get oral diseases because of brushing too hard?!!!!!If I had hepatitis a, does that mean I can't drink alcohol for a certain number of weeks afterwards?!!!!!I am convinced that at this moment Maxalt (rizatriptan) not working. My head feel so much worse. It hurts to move it, just to walk. Does Maxalt (rizatriptan) not work when PMS?!!!!!Are small red spots all over the body small pox?!!!!!How much time do you have to have sex for to get pregnant?!!!!!I have penile pain and redness. Can I masturbate or should I wait for a few days?!!!!!Whenever I sit continous for a long time then I get numbness tingling in my arms legs and stifness tightness in head or face. Plz please tell what to do?!!!!!I have a history of STDs. Can it give me elevated live enzymes from possible prostatitis or scarring of the urinary tract?!!!!!I have been gaining weight and what can help to make my body fit?!!!!!Is hydrochlorthiazide safe for the elderly?!!!!!How do I know if there was precum?!!!!!Can weightlifting lower your immune system? Started yesterday for the 1st time in 7 months and the next day got a cold sore on lip!!!!!I have bad pelvic pain and back ache and a history of ovarian tumor in the past for which the left ovary has been removed. I had a CT scan recently and everything looked okay. Do you think I need some more investigations?!!!!!Well groups of people should not take aromasin (exemestane)?!!!!!Is it serious or concerning if my 5 month old daughter has MRSA and eczema? I am really worried, she is so small and ha ssuch serious skin issues. !!!!!Will having lipomas in lower back affect an epidural or spinal block given before having a csection?!!!!!How does basal energy expenditure affect the basal metabolic rate?!!!!!How can I get rid of sore nipples as a side effect of BC?!!!!!I have been eating a lot and gained weight, developed love handles. I have been thinking about getting butt implants. What are some side effects?!!!!!Can I tell me how I can keep my materialism up when my not eatting?!!!!!I have psoriatic arthritis and also have fibromyalgia.  The weather seems to have an effect on how much pain i feel. What do doctors think about this?!!!!!I have tried ayurvedic and homeopathic medicine for rhinitis but has not helped. What should I do next?!!!!!I have tinea versicolor in the testicles and tip of penis. It gets itchy and dry. The doctor sent me a salycilic acid wash. Makes sense?!!!!!My mom's eyes are red making her to rub them. Can you help?!!!!!I am really worried about my 2 year old daughter. She had a seizure in December but now, I feel she has regression in speech and has some beahvioral issues like she does not listen, ignores me and acts really mean sometimes. I want to know what could be the cause of this change?!!!!!Is levaquin (levofloxacin) for diverticulis?!!!!!I would like to know what cause cramps, slight fever, bloating, frequent peeing, headaches, fatigue, and nausea.!!!!!Any tips on how to get my hair to stop falling out and start growing from stress? I had a large test I took at beginning of June stress from that!!!!!Can regular use of laxatives affect the normal gut flora?!!!!!What diet is good for losing weight? Keto or vegan?!!!!!My friend thinks she's fat but she's really not and she sticks toolow calories and if she eats something bad she burns the calories of by excercising?!!!!!Me and my wife are trying for baby from past few months but getting negative?!!!!!I have this rash for along time on my breast comes and goes I made a appointment but it's kind of fading can they still test it and diagnose me?!!!!!Can some injuries to baby cartilage during birth affect the adult cartilage or how their bones will grow in future?!!!!!What are the symptoms of testicular cancer? !!!!!I have been noticing pain in the right lower abdomen and lower back for about 4 hrs now, that has been sharp and inconsistent. What can I do to help relieve it?!!!!!Can sleep medications be used for anesthesia?!!!!!How can I lose weight in winter since I cannot go out for runs during the times when it snows?!!!!!I met with a car accident recently and I consulted my doctor immediately. My reports show simple fracture of leg bone at knee joint. I was put on a cast. My numbness of leg and foot subsided but my knee still hurts. I didn't go for physiotherapy, do you think it should be done? !!!!!I had surgical procedue for removal of bony growth, the name of the procedure started with alevo something. My question is how long will I take to recover? !!!!!I do not feel myself lately and have researched a lot online and all of them come back saying I have moderate/ severe qualities of depression. Would a doctor's visit be helpful to confirm anxiety/ depression?!!!!!What type of daily vitamin or mineral should a normally healthy 23 year old male be taking?!!!!!Been sick for over a week with a dry/wet cough, very runny nose, and no apparent fever. OTC cold medicine has not worked, and I'm currently on antibiotics to treat a UTI (Bactrim I believe). I'm pretty sure this is more than just a cold, seeing how nothin!!!!!What are the complications of ANLL?!!!!!How to cure urine infection?!!!!!Can breast feeding worsen fibrocystic changes in the breast?!!!!!My son did have surgery on the pereneol nerve that caused his drop foot, doc said it would wake up after awhile, but it's been over a year no lat move?!!!!!Hey following up on this. Doctor says the results are normal and it could be stress. Should I take another opinion?!!!!!I'm currently 5 weeks pregnant and this is my second pregnancy. I didn't have any symptoms duing the first pregnancy and was wondering if I would have any now?!!!!!My dad has been diagnosed with stage 4 nsclc, asked to undergo tets after every 4 months to check it's progress. What are his chances? !!!!!My friends call me a 'junkie' for all the medications for my disability. How do I deal with this?!!!!!What are the risk factors for cervical cancer?!!!!!I sneezed and got rid of some phlegm in my throat (I have post nasal drip) and it was sort of clear but then again it had white stuff too what is it?!!!!!I took a few Vitamin tablets and found out that I am pregnant. I am not sure if it had Vitamin C in it. Can you tell me how abortion occurs when someone overdoses on Vitamin C?!!!!!Could a varicoselectomy or an inguinal hernia cause epididymitis?!!!!!Do you think sore throat can give ear pain?!!!!!What specific exercises would help bursitis of the suprapatellar?!!!!!What can help to improve eyesight other than spectacles? Eye sight is -0.5 in one eye and -0.75 in the other eye. !!!!!Can I take antidepressant medications every day for the rest of my life without side effects, complications?!!!!!What is cyclical vomiting?!!!!!I have constant dull ache in scrotum and got tested recently. My testicle scan showed 4 cysts with prominent cord above testicle and no signs of infection. What can be the cause of my pain?!!!!!When should I take a home pregnancy test?!!!!!How does a person get hyperthermia?!!!!!How long does it take for bruises to fade away completely?!!!!!How should I increase my weight? I am 20 years old having 62 kg weight and my height is 5"6'!!!!!Hello doctor, may I know what are the symptoms of Crohn's? !!!!!What are the side effects of stelazine (trifluoperazine)?!!!!!Can I take Benadryl for itchy eyes? I am taking Adderall for ADHD.!!!!!Im a young & i get acne still I have tryed meds & creams from a dr. But nothing is working i really don't want to damage my face any ideas what to try?!!!!!Can you test positive for HSV1 and HSV2 at the same time and what is looked for in the blood when one undergoes a blood test?!!!!!Apart from prednisone, what other medications are contradicted while being on breastfeeding? !!!!!What can cause an early period with heavy bleeding?!!!!!Is redness in the genital area a common side-effect of Hydroderm?!!!!!Which hair removal creams have the least side effects on the skin? !!!!!May I know orthotics gelp with my flat feet/fallen arch?!!!!!Stroke at 90 . At this stage, would a speech therapy help her?!!!!!I stopped taking my birth control 6 months ago but still my period is irregular and spotting keeps happening on and off. What do you think could be the issue here?!!!!!How to tell if nuvaring side effects or early signs of pregnancy?!!!!!I've had my tonsils out and my lymph nodes seem to be swollen lot can it be from allergies I get a lot of drainage?!!!!!Can color blindness develop later in life? Is it the same as developing refractive errors?!!!!!I have a hemorrhoid and frequently get blood in stools, how can I keep it in check?!!!!!I nearly have 3 days of incomplete rest. How can I stay in condition?!!!!!Can you help me understand my results? It says" Stage 4 Chondromalacia in both knees with stable varicose veins in both knees along with right paracentral protrusion from T8-11."!!!!!I am having nasal congestion probably sinusitis, my doctor presecribed me nasal spray, Claritin and mucinex( guaifenesin). Could you apprise me, what can  I take for fever, my body is feeling hot? !!!!!My mom has been experiencing discomfort, weird feeling in the middle of chest under her breast bone, she could not describe it more. Her breathing is fine. She has acid reflux but not lately. She has been stressed a lot. Should we take her to her doctor? What can she do for relief in the meanwhile?!!!!!I was diagnosed with chlamydia and gonorrhea last week and cannot afford treatment now. I have severe lower abdominal pain and pelvic pain. What can I do?!!!!!I just found out today that I have chlamydia, but I breastfeed.  Is it possible that my child could have it to?!!!!!How harmful is a yeast infection if not treated?!!!!!I have itching and vaginal discharge. Do I have yeast or is it something serious?!!!!!Can you tell me some OTC medications for allergies and sinus infection?!!!!!I am afraid, I may overdose. Could you tell me what's the maximum dose of Valium that one can take? !!!!!Should I ask to be put on a Statin at my checkup tomorrow? My cholesterol was very high and I'm sure it still is.!!!!!I had recent ankle sprain, have been advised hydrotherapy. What do you think, would it be helpful? !!!!!My symptoms are.....a movable bellybutton lump since a week, constipation. I was wondering if it is a hernia or can it be a pregnancy? Test was negative. !!!!!I feel like, I am depressed most of the time. May I know does my Vyvnase, which I am having for ADHD would help me or do I need to get some low dose antidepressant?!!!!!Muscles in my arms are jumping. Is it something to worry about?!!!!!How is foot drop treated?!!!!!Can sexually transmitted infection cause post coital bleeding?!!!!!Had surgery on right scaphoid and now have bad pain and Advil is not working. I am concerned.  !!!!!When I go to my doctor and tell him I urinate a lot, will he be able to determine if I'm diabetic or not?!!!!!Skin sticking out under my tongue. Is this normal?!!!!!I've always wanted a bigger butt. If I go for surgery, what adverse effects should I be aware of?!!!!!Has hemorrhoids and I have bleeding, pain and I have done sitz bath and using prep H wipes and cream. Can you pleas tell me what to do?!!!!!The muscles in my hips right above my butt ache a lot. Most times it pinches with pain. I wear high heels all the time, hurts to wear flats?!!!!!Can SSRI completely treat the OCD, so that you don't need to take it in future? !!!!!Light headed high fever headaches and body aches. Fever is 103 what could this be and what should he take?!!!!!I am having moderate to severe abdominal pain on my right side. Every time i poop Iit hurts really bad like a Charlie horse in my side.!!!!!Can you tell me how i can take prohormones the right way?!!!!!What is the cause of nausea and vomiting? Does this mean that my food is not digesting well? !!!!!Can eating fast really make one fat?!!!!!Could you explain about complications of ANLL?!!!!!Why are my lips always peeling?  What should I use as a good moisturizer?  Vaseline and  carmax does not work (of course).!!!!!I have a couple of questions. I have end stage liver disease- can it lead to cysts on pancreas and colon cancer? Is CT scan helpful in diagnosing end stage liver disease?!!!!!What could be causing a small, hard lump in front of my ear? Would a sudde headache in the middle of the night in addition be something to worry about?!!!!!My daughter is 11 and has been complaining of throat pain and headache. I gave her a Tylenol. Is there anything else you can suggest?!!!!!Up to how many weeks pregnant can you take an abortion pill?!!!!!Does the fetus take a definite position at the 7th month, if so which is the best one?!!!!!What can help get rid of uterine cramps?!!!!!Can you prescribe abortion pills?!!!!!What is the treatment for maxillary sinus carcinoma?!!!!!What factors influence heart rate?!!!!!How does conception actually occur?!!!!!Can I take Vitamin B12 supplements for tingling under the foot?!!!!!I was recently diagnosed with osteoarthritis and prescribed on naproxen 400 mg twice a day for the pain. I forgot to inform my doctor about having gastritis for a few years now. Should I avoid taking the medicine? I do not have my followup until a month now. !!!!!My friend has skin atrophy. Do you think topical steroids can help him? !!!!!I am having blood shot eyes that are irritated and swollen, also having headache and feeling nausous. I have history of chest pain with cough from last couple of weeks. Could you tell me, what's going on? !!!!!Does eradication of h. Pylori cause weight gain?!!!!!My mom also had a cancerous lump removed from her breast a few years ago. Could it be the same thing now?!!!!!How is chronic knee pain due to arthritis treated?!!!!!My father is 81 years and is diagnosed with Parkisons for more than 5 years. He is on medications but symptoms are progressively worsening and has severe pain and cannot move. May I ask what can be done to support him?!!!!!I want your opinion- I have fluid retention in my feet and legs and they look really swollen and it is hardcto sleep and walk. I am already taking water pills. Do I think I should go to ER tonight?!!!!!Is lasik used to treat far-sihtedness or near-sightedness?!!!!!What should be done to loss the weight of the body in very short time?!!!!!I have been walking for 4 hours daily, but still there is no noticeable weight loss. What more can I do? !!!!!What are the treatment options available for chronic knee bursitis?!!!!!Is it not advisable to have sex during a period? I have read that it can cause infections. Is that true? Can infections cause cramping in the lower back and stomach?!!!!!May I know if brain injury and damage is same as mental illness?!!!!!What is labyrinthitis?!!!!!Hi! I noticed skin colored bumps on my vaginal lips this morning and I am very scared. What could be the cause of these bumps?!!!!!Can ciproflaxin and amoxicillin be taken together?!!!!!What does a value of ANA 1:160 and RNP 3 mean?!!!!!What is the definition or description of: activity modification?!!!!!My blood pressure is very low, it is around 90/60. I am on vasopressors? Should I stop taking them?!!!!!I saw my eye doctor and he said that flashes in my vision are due to posterior viterous detachment. I am not sure what it is... Can you please help me?!!!!!5 days late of period took Plan B emergency contacepive 5 days before expected period went through 3 pregnect test all negative am I pregnet?!!!!!My moher having abdominal obesity, fatty thighs with atrophied upper limbs was diagnosed with genetic disease. What are my chances to have it? !!!!!Hello. My 18 yr old special needs daughter just had bloiod work. The Lymphocytesis 3.8.Her Leukocyte Esterase is 500. What does that mean?!!!!!I have been using accutane for my acne. Do you think soy milk can worsen my acne?!!!!!Are there any contraindications to getting an intrauterine device?!!!!!What's the time frame for recovery from uveitis in the eye?!!!!!My gallbladder was removed a week ago and maintained a bland diet for a few days. I returned to my normal diet as suggested by my doctor and seem to have some headache, nausea and vomiting. Is this expected? Can high blood pressure cause this?!!!!!Does genital warts present as small purple black lumps on foreskin and head of penis? !!!!!Hello doctor I have been given minoxidil to apply for hair loss. I am not sure how to use it. Can you help? !!!!!What are the side effects of Prozac?!!!!!What causes kidney stones ?  Is it in the genes or diet!!!!!I have been having a lot of unrelated symotoms for a couple of months now. Can you help? I have sleep apnea, then some neck and jaw soreness, occasional dizziness and photophobia too !!!!!What does slimy, mid cycle whitish discharge indicate?!!!!!If I have a fungal nail infection, will they remove my nail?!!!!!I'm currently on medications for bipolar disorder but I don't think I have it. I have depressed mood most of the times and excessive crying for no reason. Is it possible I'm just going through depression?!!!!!I have tried benzoyl peroxide for red bumps between the eyebrows which I thought to be pimples but it has not helped. Can it be eczema?!!!!!I had a very heavy period with blood clots but lasted only for 2 days. My period usually lasts for 5 days. After my period ended, I noticed bleeding after intercourse followed by fever and pressure in abdomen. I was diagnosed with endometriosis but I didn't consider any treatment yet. Do you think I should start taking birth control pills?!!!!!What is the management of rupture of blood vessel in the lower leg that presents as a bruise and a painful lump?!!!!!Can you please help me with some measures that I can try at home for these weeping blisters on my foot that I've had since a week.!!!!!I just got a small electric shock in my arm! I am freaking out a bit. Should I see a doctor?!!!!!Is malignant meningioma curable?!!!!!Rcently prescribed Lumigan 0.1% IOP concern about burning in eyes called the Doc and Doc does not take calls. What to do? Next appt in a week?!!!!!How to differentiate a simple bug bite from a spider bite?!!!!!Hi dr I am 33 of age  mamarried have 3 kids my height is 173 CM my weight is 100 pounds. My normal wweight according to age must be 75 how to get it .!!!!!What should I do if I have an allergy of sneezing when i wake upplease tell me what type of disease or allergy it is?!!!!!I am just worried about getting STD's. I wanted to know if I am safe from STD's if I used a condom during sexual intercourse and it did not get torn or did not rip off. Pleae help.!!!!!What can cause knee pain for 5 months?!!!!!I'm 42 female with lower back pain what could it be?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with RA but my ccc ab antibodies are normal. How definitive are the antibiotic levels in diagnosing RA?!!!!!Will my fertility be affected if one of my testicles are lower and horizontal than the other one?!!!!!I had unprotected intercourse 3 weeks ago and I took cyclenorm E & P the next day. I got my period after 3 days of unprotected sex. Do you think my cycles will be disturbed?!!!!!I have been antibiotics for a common cold. Is it possible to get an ear infection now, since I feel like like my ears are all clogged up?!!!!!My dad had abdominal cramps along with dizziness, nausea and inability to finsih meals from past 2-3 weeks, he was diagnosed with stomach flu. Can stomach flu last that long? !!!!!What are the long term complications of TMJ pain?!!!!!Hello doctor, I started high intensity bosy work out and I am spotting vaginally. Is this a side effect?!!!!!Is it normal to have cramps before and after period?!!!!!I'm currently trying to get pregnant and had miscarriages in the past. I'm physically active and play sports. What are the precautions I should take?!!!!!Is it normal to have lightheadedness and dizziness in early pregnancy?!!!!!Low lymphocytes for years on CBC, all else ok, 2 chest cts 14 mos apart both show same mildy enlarged L-nodes, some bilat, below 2 cms, diagnosis?!!!!!After the accident, I feel my sleep apnea has worsened and my memory has become weak and I am mostly negative in my approach.Do you think the head ijury during accident might be the cause of all these symptoms?!!!!!I have loose upper dentured and I want to know hot to fix them?!!!!!I was diagnosed with depression a couple of months ago and I have been taking the prescribed medications regularly as advised by my doctor but I don't feel better. Should I start therapy or double up my dose?!!!!!What are symptoms of a flu in a toddler?!!!!!Can OTC medications help treat a dislocated jaw?!!!!!My fingers are very long and I think I can extend them abnormally. Is this something to be worried about. I have no pain or swelling.!!!!!Does testicular cancer present with pain?!!!!!What foods increase the cholesterol levels in the body?!!!!!I recently got off depo shot 3 months back and currently trying to conceive with my partner. My cycle is not regular and I notice spotting sometimes. How long does it take to get pregnant?!!!!!I usually have strong muscle cramps after taking vitamin d, even a dose of 400 give me cramps but my vitamin D level is 20. Should I stop the supplement? !!!!!Can you walk me through the process of digestion of a doughnut in the human body?!!!!!I am 18 years old and I feel I get angry over very small things and it has started affecting my relationships. Do you think it is a medical condition that can be treated with some medicine?!!!!!From my MRI scan, does it look like I have brain cancer?!!!!!I'm a 22 yr old male and I think I have orhtostatic hypotension and used table salt in a pint of water to drink a few times a day. Is there is a chance of overdose and death from the salt?!!!!!Does chiropractic medicine help people with back problems?!!!!!I can feel  a 9mm lymph node on my neck, the doctor have also comfirmed the size. Is it normal? !!!!!Recently stopped birth control and last period is on 16th October and cycles lasting about 32 datys. Has light bleedng since Nov 2nd till 15th. I am concerned. !!!!!How can I increase my penis size?!!!!!I have PCOS and my cycles are irregular. I missed period by a month this time and I noticed spotting today. My doctor recommended birth control pills and I didn't want to be on it. Do you think I should consider this and start taking the pills?!!!!!What are the symptoms of a pink eye?!!!!!Is it.Okay to brush after filling?!!!!!Hello doctor. I have low lymphocte level, had  chest x ray done which revealed mildly enlarged lymph nodes, may I know, when should I get a repeat X ray done for comparison? !!!!!Is there any correlation between having high prolactin because of a pituitary tumor and being on antidepressants?!!!!!What is the management of blood in urine for my 5 year old daughter?!!!!!I have no voice a huge knot on the right side of my neck and I have excruciating pain in throat. I was diagnosed with pharyngitis how can I get relief?!!!!!I need your help. I am in a mental health program and I am on a pass but I again used opiates. I just could not control, withdrawal symptoms are really hard to deal with! But I really want to quit opiates and I want to tell my doctor but I am not sure how to tell my doctor, can you please help?!!!!!I experience heart flutters at times, can depression or anxiety cause this?!!!!!How does soap irritate the vagina?!!!!!Please explain why does my amalgam (filling) hurt?!!!!!My child have milk allergy. May I know the best substitue for calcium for my child?!!!!!I have been getting white mucus in eyes for 2 years and eyes are not sticky and asking what could the causes be? !!!!!I have severe eye pain and my eyes turn red often. It subsides on getting some sleep and on staying away from screen. I have to admit that I don't drink much water. What should I do for relief?!!!!!I m using dr dnp what are the side effects it?!!!!!May I know which test for pregnancy is accurate? The digital or the non digital?!!!!!Got a razor scar from shaving. Any helpful remedies?!!!!!I work out in the sun and tend to get sun burns but I can't use sun screen as I am allergic to them. What should I do? !!!!!Got period after 4mo and it lasted 11 days,which never happens.I've been experiencing dull uncomfortable on/off pain by my uterus.What could it be?!!!!!Numbness on right side of my cheek  some twitching no other symptoms elsewhere what could it be?!!!!!I think I have anemia from my iron deficiency. Can this cause red spots anywhere on the body?!!!!!How to cure Hernia Discale? What kind of exercises shall I do?!!!!!What are some non-medical things I can do help my asthma?!!!!!Sometimes I dream when I am sleeping, but I am awake, and know I am, but dreaming too. Kinda like hallucinating. What causes this? How can I stop it?!!!!!What is the prognosis for a patient of malignant meningioma?!!!!!2 weeks of big toe pain now in knee/wrist. Dix uric acid 465.2umol/L. Why is voltaren (diclofenac) helps but why is it not going away? First attack ever!!!!!When do i ovulate if my last period was last month on the 28th and i have a 31 day cycle ?!!!!!I have cough for last 3 weeks and my test results show microscopic hematuria. Can you explain if cough and microscopic hematuria are related?!!!!!I injured my knee cap and there is redness, swelling and warmth and difficulty movement. Did I fracture my knee? !!!!!I have moderate to severe right abdomen pain for last 2 weeks. It hurts a lot like a cramp on my side while passing stools. What could be the cause? !!!!!What are some side effects of depo shot? Can I be pregnant if I am not getting period while on the shot?!!!!!I was diagnosed with latent squit and fourth nerve palsy by my doctor after many tests. It disturbs me a lot and I want this to go away. What are its treatment options?!!!!!I came off of birth control 2 months back and have been having unprotected sex. I feel nauseous and want to know if I am pregnant.!!!!!My period is usually heavy and lasts five days. This month it came light and only lasted 3 days. I had intercourse 2 days after my last period.!!!!!I am traveling to Asia. Do I need to take malaria prophylaxis?!!!!!I have anxiety and my doctor advised breathing exercises. I am considering hypno-therapy.!!!!!If psoriasis is genetically passed in the family, is it possible to treat such a disease?!!!!!Is ADA a good resource for answers to common dental problems?!!!!!Is it possible to buy some ilosone (erythromycin estolate) without prescription?!!!!!Are there different types of achondroplasia?!!!!!What can cause a tiny lump to come up on the upper left side of the back? It is like a grey spot and has been there since about 2 months now. !!!!!My insurance company has ordered a medical exam. Can you tell me what to expect in this exam? Would the doctor be examining me or ordering tests?!!!!!Hello, what are the chances of monochorionic-diamniotic twins? Is it rare?!!!!!Can a collapsed lung be a complication of heart surgery?!!!!!I seemed to have developed a polyp like thing in my nose, its red, swollen and painful. Why would this happen?!!!!!What does brown vaginal discharge mean?!!!!!My resting heart rate has been low and eating does not seem to change the heart rate. I have been tracking my geart rate and has got me worried. !!!!!I think I have what they call bipolar, and i can't afford therapy. What can I do?!!!!!Can you tell me what side-effects to expect with Fluphenazine?!!!!!I hit my leg yesterday and there is some redness and swelling, do you think it could be a blood clot?!!!!!My moms uncle and his daughter both had leukemia at 65 and 54 years old. He had aml and she had apl. What would cause this? Genetic?!!!!!What could I do to make my breats bigger naturally?!!!!!I have an Echocardiography scheduled for tomorrow, why would my doctor have scheuled one?!!!!!I have ADHD is it possible for me to become a surgeon ? Be honest with me please!!!!!Can Tylenol help with swelling and redness in the hand? !!!!!Do you have any ideas as to how I can improve my liver and kidney function if I have a failed liver?!!!!!What could be causing these bumps on my neck area repeatedly?!!!!!Can I continue using depo for 2 to 3 years?!!!!!What causes hungry one hour after meals with upper abdominal pain and burning sensation?!!!!!What happens to the period if one gets pregnant?!!!!!How is lung cancer tested for?!!!!!What are the side effects of zoloft (sertraline)?!!!!!I am currently taking levothyroxine. 125 mg for hypothyroidism and trying to get back into bodybuilding. Is it safe to take a bcaa supplement?!!!!!Is it posisble that the leydig cells are still intact and only the sertoli cells died, if one of the testicles has been atrophied from a recent infection? !!!!!I had small pox earlier. Can it recur?!!!!!My 85 year old father has scoliosis and he underwent multiple surgeries in the past but the back ache is still severe. His pain management doctor gave medications but we are worried the NSAIDs may affect his kidney and liver. Is there any other solution for this?!!!!!I have a white vaginal discharge for 2 days now, do I have an STD? Should I get an appointment?!!!!!What is the prognosis for membranous nephropathy?!!!!!If a mother has celiac should the daughter be tested?!!!!!I have tried home remedies for premature ejaculation, should I see the doctor? !!!!!Can white water rafting cause a miscarriage?!!!!!What is the best diet for people with Chrons disease?!!!!!Would OTC vitamin supplements help treat peeling lips?!!!!!My neck hurts on left side only on swallowing but not otherwise. I feel a mass on pressing my underside of left jaw. Do you think my neck lymp node is swollen?!!!!!What makes a dentist different from an oral surgeon?!!!!!I am curious to know- Can diverticulitis and colitis be cured with medicines and diet or do you think surgery is needed?!!!!!Is it possible for my hubby to know whether I am a virgin or not?!!!!!Can calling 911 help if my friend has overdosaged on heroin?!!!!!I read somewhere that some women freeze their eggs before the age of 30. Is that true and is it necessary?!!!!!I just got my hysterectomy done 6 months back and now my doctor advised me to get an angioplasty done for a chest pain! I am just 35, do I really need it?!!!!!I have been clean off alcohol for 1 year and 8 months and recently drink 0.0 6 pack a day. Is this bad for my liver and health. Drink it to avoid beer?!!!!!If you felt a mass in the breast for over 4 yrs now should I be worried?!!!!!Does the sodium content in a hot dog come down when one boils it?!!!!!How can a mild rash be treated?!!!!!My pain medication is making me sleepy and groggy, but I have to work. What else can I take?!!!!!Can high cholesterol cause one to experience any symptoms?!!!!!Is it possible for the sun urticaria to cause anaphylaxis? !!!!!Dizziness and light headed, what can cause this?!!!!!What is the normal color of ejaculate or semen?!!!!!I am having endogenic hairfall. Can I take whey protein?  Is it bad? !!!!!I have burning sensation while passing urine, abdominal pain, cramps, odor, frequent urge and fever since 2 days? Do I have an UTI? My STD tests 3 months back is negative.  !!!!!My grandfather has been diagnosed with high cholesterol levels and we mostly use coconut oil for cooking. Do you think it is good for his health or do you think it can affect badly the cholesterol and triglyceride levels?!!!!!Can allergies to tooth paste ingredients cause diarrhea and stomach pains?!!!!!I haven't had my period in a year, what's happening? I know for a fact, I am not pregnant. !!!!!Just found out mother-in-law may have tuberculosis after an x-ray. She held our 9-week old baby last week. Should we be worried?!!!!!What's the best time to do a fetal heart ultrasound?!!!!!How effective are punctal plugs for treating dry eyes after lasik? I am close to 1 year post op and artficial tears aren't helping.!!!!!I am a MTF and looking to start HRT. Can I start off with aldactone 100 mg/day?!!!!!Which conditions cause weight gain?!!!!!Is hashimotos goitre always going to be there, or is this condition reversible ?!!!!!How likely is it to get meningitis after getting vaccination done?!!!!!Does Uristat help prevent a UTI if it is suspected?!!!!!What do you think causes me to have blurry vision when I use electronic devices at night?!!!!!I was asked to get an ANA test because the doctor suspects I have lupus. What is that test?!!!!!I am a young male and have got gray hair. Can I use a hair dye? !!!!!If I didn't show any signs of Me being pregnant the first time around would I have any signs this time?!!!!!What are the dangers of getting breast implants for bigger breasts?!!!!!Dear Dr, feeling in my eyes lights are too bright feel dizzy with very sore sides of neck front and tight jaw knot in back of neck sleep apnea 6 weeks?!!!!!Can hormonal contracceptives cause irergular bleeding? And spotting? !!!!!Can you please help me understand more about hyphema?!!!!!How can I deal with globus pharyngeus? It is very annoying and feels like an obstruction under my chin.!!!!!I'm 29 yrs old healthy male and noticed a large bruise around the area where my appendix is and was wondering if it means anything? I did not sustain any injuries and it does not hurt. !!!!!I am trying to quit smoking. I am trying nicotine gums for about a few weeks. I heard that cognitive behavioral therapy also helps in quitting smoking. What do you think? Do you think I should reach out to my doctor for this therapy?!!!!!A patient with COPD was receiving 12.5mcg of fentanyl. The gp double this dose to 25mcg. The patient died two weeks later. Is there any correlation?!!!!!My mother in law have a pain in her left arm, she never suffer from her heart before, and the fingers move by themself what could or be?!!!!!What could be causing bumps behind and inside my ears? Is it something serious?!!!!!I had a miscarriage last night. I was 13 weeks. How soon after miscarriage can you try again. Can you get preg. Faster after mc like u can after birth?!!!!!Nausea everyday missed period headaches but not pregnant what could be wrong?!!!!!I have been experiencing neck pain on left side on swallowing for last 3 days. Did I pull the muscle?!!!!!Can a niacin flush help clean the body of any residual THC!!!!!Should I see the doctor again? My 2 year old who was prescribed cefdinir for red throat and negative strep  has develeoped fever 3 days later, his two sibling were diagnosed with strep. !!!!!I tend to develop what I think are keloids and these are usually hard scar like tissue on the sternum. They dont seem to hurt but I have itching. What can I do about it?!!!!!Pushups - should hr or BP drop first? for me the hr drops quick but neck still pulsating very hard so is that dangerous to have low hr and high bp?!!!!!Can you explain how to pass marijuana drug test?!!!!!Can anyone heal from solar maculopathy?!!!!!I m 28 yrs having irregular periods . My BP  was 144/101 is it normal ? What to do?!!!!!Rectal bleeding after fissure op. Surgon found 1 big hemorrhoid and some small. Banding done for big one. Foul smell & bleeding persistant. What is it?!!!!!Can statins help lower triglyceride levels?!!!!!CT scan was done 7 times in last 2 years to diagnose a medical condition. My doctor ordered HYDA scan to evaluate right upper abdomen pain, that I have for last 1 week. Should I be worried about the radiation exposure?!!!!!What is the average normal range of B 12 for women?!!!!!Is uristat (phenazopyridine) a good treatment for a potential uti?!!!!!Are there any factors that can trigger cancer to form below the eye?!!!!!I am about 15 weeks of pregnant and I have difficulty to sleep what can I take for helping me sleep. Thank you?!!!!!What long term health problems can you have if you take pain medicine on a regular basis?!!!!!I am worried that my lower back stiffness, weight loss and thick lips is indicating a disease. I am right? !!!!!I am a smoker, and have some inflammation gastritis, should I quit smoking or simply reducing it will work?!!!!!Can I use q-tip to clear the ear wax?!!!!!Does zyrtec (cetirizine) helps for swollen lips?!!!!!What does over the counter mean?!!!!!How is Chlamydia tested? !!!!!Got a positive pregnancy test today. I have bad morning sickness. Can you help?!!!!!How soon can esophageal atresia be diagnosed in a fetus?!!!!!I have a bad toothache. Is there anything I can do to get rid of this?!!!!!Having requent headaches this month, how can I relieve the pain?!!!!!What to do if I have 3000mg of tegretol; 200mg pills. Is this lethal enough?!!!!!How do u know the days u ovulate if your period changes every month and how do I increase my chances of becomming pregnant?!!!!!Can a high blood sugar level cause vomiting?!!!!!Hello doctor, how are you? I am having problem with my vaginal ph and it is at 8 and how to lower it? I am tested negative for STD. /!!!!!Severe jaw joint pain started 24 hours ago, right side. Pain when opening mouth and clenching. Should I go to the ER? Worse as day went on. TMJ?!!!!!Does getting period twice in a month means pregnancy?!!!!!Female.Mom is 150cm and dad is 156cm.I was wondering if i can be at least 160-165cm tall?!!!!!Yoga is helping me with relaxation, could you suggest me some other ways apart from that? !!!!!If dr orders a CT scan of abd/pelvic w/contrast an without, i can see it being done with contrast but what's the purpose of having it also without?!!!!!My boyfriend has been experiencing shortness of breathe for the past week, he went to the doctor they checked all his vital signs and his oxygen level and everything came back a okay, do you have any idea what the problem may be ? Please help i'm really w!!!!!What is the treatment for recurrent Chlamydial infections?!!!!!I have cut on my hand from cutting vegetables. I applied a bandaid and bleeding stopped. Do I need to take T.T injection?!!!!!I'm really scared of needles. I'm getting my blood drawn in a few months for the first time. Could they do something so it won't hurt?!!!!!Hello doctor, can you please tell me about symptoms of over active bladder as I have excessive urination, unable to control my bladder and voiding difficulty and I think I have overactive bladder. !!!!!What is the difference between a gastric sleeve and the Roux-en-Y surgery?!!!!!What are the common causes of high blood pressure?!!!!!I had cold a week and a half ago, that got better but I have been experiencing severe headache and pain in my left nostril since yesterday. I am prone to sinusitis since childhood but the pain has been never been severe. What should I do for relief?!!!!!From last 4 days I get burning feeling in my throat. I am doing gargle but no improvement. Pls help?!!!!!I have ovarian cysts and today I have sharp abdominal pain. Do you think it could be due to ovarian cysts? I am ovulating also as per my period tracker.!!!!!Can I and my husband have oral sex when I am pregnant?!!!!!Is there a scientific way to check chances of inheritance of a condition that is autosomal dominant or autosomal recessive?!!!!!I am an average American teen, have been vomiting with fever and severe abdominal pain since last night, my mom said it could be my appendix. Will I need an emergency surgery?!!!!!What is a good site for answers to dental problem? Ada or is that just party line?!!!!!Can you call me at 908-405-0112?!!!!!Might it happen that a severe infection plus poor nutrition cause hair loss?!!!!!Can I eat fish in second trimester of pregnancy?!!!!!How is chronic knee bursitis diagnosed? Is MRI always needed?!!!!!What do the different waves in an EKG mean?!!!!!Can leydig and sertoli cell tumors result from infections of the testicle?!!!!!What is the normal body temperature for a male?!!!!!Irregular periods been taking fertility pills. 23days late and having symptoms of pregnancy but negative test what should I do?!!!!!Do you think I'd need antibiotics if I have symptoms of cold, phlegm, chest pain and shortness of breath for more than 10 days?!!!!!I started noticing pain in the upper middle back on the right side and hurts to breathe and bend over. Any idea what it could be?!!!!!Do you have to take antibiotics prior to gyn exam if you had tkr. I know you do this before dental exam. Wondering?!!!!!I took two pills of lortab 10mg 4 hours ago. I forgot about that and I took a pill of oxycodone 15mg a couple of minutes for my severe headache. Do they interact with each other? Will I be okay?!!!!!Can self examination can cause enlarged lymph node? I think I inlfamed my breast tissue after doing self examination. !!!!!Hello doctor my thyroid results have been abnormal and I am given synthyroid to take. Can you tell me how to take the medication?!!!!!If I already got a flu shot, can I still suffer from flu?!!!!!May I know what are the risks of having high blood pressure?!!!!!My grandfather has been diagnosed with 90% bloackage in right coronary artery, do you think he should go in for stent procedure or atherectomy?!!!!!Doctor what is a duct and can I know about it?!!!!!I'm a 20 yr old female and have been experiencing various symptoms like fever at night that seems to go away by morning, swollen tonsils which has been reducing and saliva seems to dry out quickly during the day. What would you suggest I do?!!!!!Can you explain the causes of hypothermia?!!!!!I'm young and have been experiencing acne for a long time now. I have tried various medicaitons and creams prescribed by doctors but nothing worked and wanted to know if there are any ideas on what to try, without causing damage to my face?!!!!!I have missed my period. When is the best time to take a preganncy test?!!!!!What does t means a positive ANA test and ifa?!!!!!Sharp, localised pain on top of head, about 10 degrees from the centre, in a slight indentation of my parietal bone. Recurrent for a few days. Cause?!!!!!My 5m old has fever, runny nose, cough, and diarrhea. Should I bring her in?!!!!!Can hematospermia cause infertility?!!!!!Would you say it is scientifically possible to get the flu from the flu shot?!!!!!I am scheduled for hysterectomy next week. I have a lot of questions and anxiety about it. Does menopause start immediately after the surgery?!!!!!What is the management protocol for a collapse of neck vertebrea !!!!!I had an abortion (twins) 9 months ago. Ever since then I have been getting breast soreness 2 weeks after ovulation. I am trying to conceive. I also get racing heart and dizziness. Anything to worry about?!!!!!I've been noticing some blood in stools for a few weeks now, have already been evaluated for IBD which came back negative. And just now saw a marble sized black lump in the toilet. Have had a slight fever too since a month now.. What's happening? Is this something serious?!!!!!What medications help to manage increased estrogen levels in the body?!!!!!I have been having issues with my memory recently and feels more like temporary memory loss. Do I need to see a doctor?!!!!!I need a prescription for BC pills.!!!!!I have been diagnosed with acid refluc, GERD, heartbun, anxiety and pharyngitis and have been constipated and today I have white spot on throat. I am concerned. !!!!!What are the treatment options available for stomach cancer?!!!!!I have abdominal and right flank pain. I had itch all over my body for 2 weeks, that went away. Do you think I have gallstones?!!!!!I have abdominal pain that wakes me up daily, naseous all the time, can't finish full meals, dizzy when I stand. Has been happening for 2-3 weeks?!!!!!I am worried because I recently went in for CT scan which showed two cysts on pancreas. Can you help me undesand what it could be? Just a little background of my medical conditions- I have been treated for colon cancer and have end stage liver disease with a 6 mm mass on liver.!!!!!What could be the cause of dry cough which is productive in the morning? Can UTI medications result in cough? I am on antibiotic for UTI.!!!!!Can Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic amphetamine) cause ear pressure and slight headaches at the end of the day?!!!!!I get very lightheaded quite often. Could it be because I am anemic?!!!!!I lost my voice and my throat hurts a lot. I feel a huge mass on the right side of neck. I consulted my doctor and I was diagnosed with pharyngitis. I have been taking prescribed antibiotic medications for last 3 days but no relief yet. What measures can I try at home for relief?!!!!!How to treat razor scar from shaving?!!!!!What if I strained my hamstring but I can still walk? Something definitely popped in my hamstring but I can still walk im a hockey player!!!!!I have arthritis in my knees and lower back. Normally when I get out of bed they are stiff. My hips achey and stiff are if I lay on my back at night?!!!!!I have ADHD since childhood and I have been on medications for it. Will it be forever? Will it affect my future and my career?!!!!!Does a strict gluten free diet help in complete control of Celiac disease?!!!!!Can my diarrhea be due to colonectomy 2 months ago?!!!!!What are some side effects of the morning after pill? Will it alter my regular menstrual cycle?!!!!!I have endless heartburns through the day and it's making me feel weak daily, While at the same time ruining my appetite. Any ideas? Thank you!!!!!Planning a healthful pregnancy with diabetes! What do I need to do and when?!!!!!Can somebody give me advice I have knee pain(locking) for 5 months now?!!!!!Is it possible to bleed if you are prego? 3 neg hpt.!!!!!Hi I just got over the stomach flu and have been experiencing chest, throat and jaw pain. I was wondering what it could be? I don't want to worry, but!!!!!Should antibiotics be prescribed to children below the age of 10 years?!!!!!Why should I participation in an MS clinical trial?!!!!!Is it possible for one to have sores or swelling on the vaginal area even if one is not sexually active.!!!!!Are soda and juice considered safe in pregnancy?!!!!!Baby has red pimple like bumps on arms, legs and they look like bug bite and asking what they could be.!!!!!I have these blisters under my tongue since a few weeks now. What could be causing them?!!!!!I have thrown away my hat, as I think fungus staying on my hat fabric was causing recurrent tinea capitis. Can you suggest me some home remedies? !!!!!I reached over a counter and something popped on my left side above rib cage. It gets sore if I pull on something, etc What is this injury? IA weekno!!!!!I was diagnosed with upper respiratory tract infection, as I had chest pain and cough from last couple of weeks, now having red and irritated eyes along with nausea and headache. Should I go to the ER? !!!!!What are my chances of getting hashimoto's thyroiditis if my one of parents has this condition? !!!!!Can mucus in stools, sickness, fever and diarrhea be significant of any medical condition?!!!!!How do I cope with the uncertainty about huntington's disease with myself and my children?!!!!!Chest keeps popping i don't know why  went to the doctor and they said , y chest was inflamed is the anything that can make the inflammation go away?!!!!!What are the long term complications of a full thickness tear/rupture of the flexor hallucis tendon?!!!!!How can I track my ovulation?!!!!!I notice small pimple like spots on the nipple and surrounding area. What could they be?!!!!!I was diagnosed with a blood clot in the leg recently... What precautions should I be taking for the same? And how can I prevent it in the future?!!!!!I got my last period on 05/10 and my cycle length is 31 days. When should I excpect my next period?!!!!!What blood sugar level is considered normal for people with type 2 diabetes?!!!!!What is alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency and what are it's effects on the body?!!!!!What are the causes of gastroparesis? Would I be able to take a solid diet or should I switch to a liquid diet?!!!!!How is a small lump in the groin from hernia treated?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with mono a couple of weeks back and continue to notice swollen tonsils. I do not have a fever and it does not hurt. How long does it take to reduce?!!!!!My doctor says I've got macular edema. What does this mean?!!!!!Is an 8 month old looking to the side and up and shaking the head after a couple of seconds considered as having absent seizures? !!!!!I'm 5 weeks pregnant and this morning had brownish spotting, my gyn said this is normal and ita was due to implantation, should I be worried?!!!!!What can cause a small, painless lump at the groin crease in a young adult?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am having severe bleeding and I am diagnosed with fibroids. My doctor advised for hysterectomy. I am obese and I have history of diabetes. Am I at risk? How long will it take for me to recover from the surgery? !!!!!I am 12 weeks pregnant. I had amniotic infection in my previous pregnancy and I am worried if I would have amniotic infection during this pregnancy. What are the chances?!!!!!I have pain in the lower stomach on the right side. I also have a fever and vomiting. Could this be appendicitis?!!!!!My doctor prescribed Ambien for sleep issues but did not explain any of possible side effects. What are some?!!!!!Is there a specific time for teens to sleep?!!!!!I am 32 weeks pregnant and had severe headache, blurred vision, pedal edema and diagnosed with eclampsia and given medications. Should I change any diet to help ease my eclampsia? !!!!!I have some burning while passing urine and I have a history of kidney stones. But my urine test came back clear and normal, what could it be?!!!!!Can you name some viral infections that can spread to the brain?!!!!!I have a bruise on my thigh for 2 months and it is not healing. May I know if it is skin cancer?!!!!!Can liver function tests detect cancer?!!!!!Just had an operation on herniated disc l4/l5 and still same symptoms on left leg as before op i.E. Numbness and scrapping feeling, is this normal?!!!!!Do you think moderately paced walk is better for heart health over an electronic programable stationary bicycle set for a moderate pace?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with neuromytonia (issacs syndrome), what are my chances? !!!!!Apart from prednisone, what are other option for lupus? I have appointment with my rheumatologist soon. !!!!!I was on Armour for about 3 years and my PCP prescribed synthyroid instead of armour. Are both the medications same or is there any difference between the both? What are the side effects of each?!!!!!I am not able to sleep. I usually take 20 mg Zyretc (Cetrizine)  in the morning. Can I take another dose after 12 hours for sleeping? !!!!!My doctor talked over my head. We are confused. What is amniotic infection?!!!!!I got a root extraction done 2 days ago and it hurts a lot. My doctor gave me pain killer medications but can you tell me how long does this pain last?!!!!!How safe is the use of azt (zidovudine) for HIV positive mothers?!!!!!I think I am hypochondriac and I am always worried about heart diseases. I was just wondering if I can do anything to avoid heart diseases and if I have any heart disease, can I take care of it at home?!!!!!I took 4mg of Suboxone on tuesday cause I ran out of my methadone and was in complete withdrawl... I have a urine test on Monday 5 days later?!!!!!How high does a cooking temperature have to be to kill creutzfeldt-jakob disease?!!!!!I have big boobs and my nipples are not out. My nipples comes out when i'm cold or when i touch them. Is that normal for my nipples to pop out?!!!!!What is a Diclofenac exactly?!!!!!Hey! I have been using Dermonu for about a week now. How soon should I see the results?!!!!!Diuretics didn't help flush out a small stone in my kidney? What would be the next best option?!!!!!I had severe toothache started today morning and  now notice swelling on that side of cheek and fever. I have an appointment with the dentist for a root canal  which is not until next week.What can I do for the toothache?!!!!!How can I deal with really bad morning sickness?!!!!!My legs become numb to the point where I can not walk. It happens sometimes when I move quickly or carrie something very heavy. What can this be?!!!!!I'm a 20 yr old male diagnsed wiht H.pylori infection and on treatment for it. Is there a risk of stomach ulcer? My grandfather died of stomach cancer recently.!!!!!Effects of drinking alcohol on the body fat?!!!!!Is WPW life threatening? Doesn't it need treatment if it is asymptomatic?!!!!!Does boiling a hot dog reduce its sodium?!!!!!Sore nipples remains during pregnancy, is this normal?!!!!!Is hair fall a common side effect of Isotretinoin?!!!!!C4-5 right uncovertebral osteophyte/disc bulge complex  broad disc bulge right neural foraminal stenosis & abutment of ventral cervical cord. Meaning?!!!!!I always feel tired and sleepy throughout the day. This has been happening for the past 3 months. Do you think switching to a healthy lifestyle such as eating healthy and working out would help?!!!!!I noticed a dark brown spot on my 1 year old son's thigh yesterday. I got worried and did a little research on it. Can you tell me what are melnocytic lesions exactly?!!!!!Hello! I am here to talk about something which is going on with me for a couple of days. I have noticed bloody discharge and I see it mostly when I wipe after peeing. It looks like mucus. I also have pain in lower stomach and back. !!!!!Hello doctor I am on opioids and stopped them and now I am having chills, nausea, tremors, insomnia. Are these symptoms relate to withdrawal? How long will it take for withdrawal symptoms to get  better?!!!!!Are opiates habit forming? My friend is struggling with what looks like opiate abuse, is there any mental health program which can help her?!!!!!How can Creutzfeldt-Jakob be killed?!!!!!I had unprotected intercourse during on my ovulation day according to my period tracker. My last period date was 28th of last month and my cycles are of 31 days. What are my chances of pregnancy?!!!!!What is the daily requirement of potassium for a healthy adult?!!!!!I have acute severe pain abdomen today causing difficulty in walking, talking, lifting, standing for long. I should mention that I underwent surgical abortion 3 months ago. Is this pain related to the abortion?!!!!!How does a doughnut get broken down in the digestive system if it has essentially no nutrients?!!!!!Can stress cause pulsatile headaches? !!!!!I injured by wrist and there is pain, swelling, redness and bruise. Did I fracture my hand?!!!!!How do I calculate the number of days that my period lasts? It flows for like 6 days, but on the 7th day it drops just little like spotting. Please!!!!!I have mild burning during peeing. My urineanalysis and STD tests are negative. Will NSU show up on test or is a culture needed?!!!!!I'm having sulfur burps all day 3-4 times a week no gall bladder. I eat healthy. What could be causing it ?!!!!!Please tell me what is adrenal disease and what causes these?!!!!!I have noticed that my sister has symptoms like being moody, irritable, bloated before her period occurs. Why is that so?!!!!!Why am I having acute post-abortion abdominal pain 3 months after surgical procedure? I can't talk, walk, lift, stand, or even wear underwear too much?!!!!!ECHO done today, PA says there could be a problem. I am waiting for the specialist's appointment tomorrow. What should I ask him?!!!!!Can seziures result in bahavioral issues in a child?!!!!!Hello doctor, I broke my knee cap and may I know which therapies can be done? !!!!!I'm having reoccuring eye pain and redness, what could be causes?!!!!!Post operative herniated disc l4/l5 but I am still having same symptoms i.e numbness and scrapping feeling. I am worried, I don't think its normal. Help me? !!!!!Is there a way to reduce triglyceride levels besides, followig a healthy diet? Could having one kidney removed cause this problem?!!!!!I have been noticing ringing in the ears, spinning sensation of the head, vomiting and headache. Does it mean something is wrong with my brain?!!!!!I got overdosed on Valium, was taken to ER, don't know what amount I took. Symptoms have subsided but still feeling dizzy. What can I take to overcome dizziness? !!!!!Do small children eventually outgrow anal skin tags?!!!!!Can sudden heavy bleeding be cause by your placenta lying low?!!!!!I had a low placenta and bled twice big around 1 am. Was that coincidence?!!!!!Can conjunctivitis cause crusting of the eye and pain? How can I treat it?!!!!!What is a Holter monitor used for? Would they do that for a child? How is this test performed?!!!!!I noticed a small lump at the bottom of my right ear last week, that has been getting bigger in size and started hurting last night. Any idea what it could be?!!!!!I was prescribed on Abilify for schizophrenia to be taken at night time. Can this make me to feel more sleepy?!!!!!Have spells where I feel like my foot is going an inch lower than the floor, slightly dizzy but not horrible. Also have tinnitus for a yr. What is it?!!!!!I always have protected sex but my period is still late, could I be pregnant?!!!!!Any home remedies for asthma?!!!!!I am trying to get pregnant but scared and nervous. Can I buy a test online?!!!!!After a week after my last period, I had intercourse using a condom and withdrawal method. I am not on birth control. I have lower abdominal pressure and cramps and my period is due in a week. Am I pregnant?!!!!!Any reliable blood test for ovarian cancer?!!!!!If someone was treated in the past for chlamydia, is there a way for doctor's to find out with out having to retrieve medical history?!!!!!Can underactive detrusor ever return to normal?!!!!!What are symptoms of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease?!!!!!How is HIV spread and when is the right time to take a HIV duo test?!!!!!I splashed raw chicken juice in my eye last night with my contacts in. My eye is fine should I throw away my contact?!!!!!A week ago i used Monistat 1 (tioconazole) to treat a yeast infection. Now I have a vaginal odor and I am wondering if I should use safeguard soap to help the smell?!!!!!What could be causing my stomach to make loud noises whether or not I am hungry?!!!!!How to know if you miscarried without passing fetus?!!!!!What can help with a bug bite?!!!!!I'm currenty pregnant and notice that my nipple has grown big, is more dark and has raised bumps around. Is this normal?!!!!!My tests results are as follows : B12:145 ng/L Range 130-800ng/L. My GP started loading dose of 6 shots but was told it is not low by neurologist. I don't have much symptoms. What shall I do?!!!!!Hysterosalpingography, can you tell me about this?!!!!!My 2-year-old was given Cefdinir for very red throat but negative strep test, 2 siblings had strep. 3 days later has a fever. Back to dr?!!!!!How do doctors stop preterm labor?!!!!!I'm 6 weeks pregnant and have my first ultraound schedule in a feew days. I do notice some lower abdominal cramps, nasuea and breast soreness. Is this normal or should I be worried?!!!!!What happens if my ovary is not visualized that mean I can't have kids?!!!!!How do you fix loose upper dentures?!!!!!It started with a headache the next day came dizziness when I move my eyes, soreness behind my eyes, 102 fever, slight cough. Help!!!!!!I've been coughing and sneezing a lot, does that mean I have pneumonia?!!!!!My sister who has asthma is complaining of trouble breathing. She has already tried albuterol but it has not helped. Is there anything else that she can try to feel better?!!!!!4 5 days I feel pressure and pain in the front lobe part of the head. I feel dizzy. I thought it was just a cold. Ibuprofen was usell. Do I have sinuzitis?!!!!!How to take care of relapse of pulmonary edema?!!!!!I stubbed my finger accidentaly while working out.  What is the normal time frame for it to get normal? !!!!!My friend was diagnosed with transformed migraine recently by her headache specialist. She believes she has refractory chronic migraine, can you tell me what are the chances for refractory chronic migraine to become transformed migraine, if any?!!!!!My friend ate raw chicken a few days ago. He got tested by his doctor when he got stomach ache yesterday and all came back normal. Any remedies, that he can try for relief?!!!!!What could cause chest pain, especially on sitting in a certain position?!!!!!Does a CPR cause the stomach to increase in size?!!!!!What is the prognosis for Bechet's disease? Does it worsen with age?!!!!!Ive noticed that after eating my resting heart rate goes from the 60s close to the 80s. Is this normal after eating?!!!!!What does L-lysine do?!!!!!I had a sinus infection 3 weeks ago and i was prescribed z-pac.Felt better for a few days but I am congested again. Should i refill my z-pac?!!!!!For how long after meniscal surgery should you avoid putting weight on the injured leg?!!!!!I am diagnosed with absence seizures and the last time I had one tears are rolling but I was not sobbing or crying. Is it normal? My boy friend is concerned. !!!!!I used mupriocin USP 2% rash. May I know if it can cause a rash?!!!!!Is it okay if I use the same syringe for my insulin shot? I need to take it thrice a day.!!!!!Can dry eyes cause pain and redness in the eye? If not, what are some other causes?!!!!!Weeping blisters ontop of foot,red toes...looks terrible.what to do??!!!!!My5yr old had dental surgery under general anesthesia. He had versed before and Dr said he'd forget everything he remembers it all how come?!!!!!I have a 28 day cycle and was expecting my period on the 7th may and  the last period before that was on 9th april and today is 10th may. What are my chances of pregnancy!!!!!I started belching and it smelled and taste like rotten eggs with symptoms of diarrhea watery vomiting what look like red blood and coffee grounds!!!!!After car accident my leg and foot are numb and I have pain in my knee. Is it serious?!!!!!Can a dislocated jaw be treated at home?!!!!!Does DMSO help plantar fasciitis?!!!!!If I don't have the egg white cervical musus am I still ovualating?!!!!!What types of exercises are recommended for rehabilitating from chondromalacia patella?!!!!!How long is the recovery period for medial epicondylar release/ ulnar nerve decompression surgery?!!!!!For the past 4 days, I have been dealig with bad sore throat with constant tickling and pain with swallowing. I have some cough and I feel feverish too. I cannot go and see my doctor because it's ben snowing constantly. Please help.!!!!!I have tooth decay and I got dental sealant on my tooth but I want to get it removed. I am wondering if that can be done safely without using drill. If yes, can you tell me the procedure of its removal? !!!!!I notice swelling in the left nostril, that is fleshy, has been causing trouble breathing, nasal discharge and has a foul smell to it. Should I visit the doctor?!!!!!Day 2 with tender,bloated,bruised feeling,hurts when I stand,move around,laugh or sit. lower abdominal/pelvic area. no uterus taken out 1yr ago.!!!!!Salicylic acid washes did not help me with my cystic acne. Should I ask for antibiotics?!!!!!What is the prognosis of a pancreatic cancer?!!!!!What could be the cause of tightness in throat and chest pain other than acid reflux and motilty disorder?!!!!!I have been feeling extremely weak and as if I have no energy at all. I am eating normally now but had several episodes of vomiting last week. Could the vomiting be causing my weakness now!!!!!How do I get rid of these chest pains and arm numbness due to my anxiety? !!!!!Does it mean that one has cancer if they have calcification in thyroid nodules?!!!!!I have neck pain and fever. Is this meningitis?!!!!!Is liver cirhosis a type of cancer?!!!!!My daughter is still displaying symptoms of type 1 diabetes. What can we do?!!!!!How is an arthroscopy of the knee done?!!!!!Hello doctor, can you please tell me some of the common symptoms seen with venous insufficiency?!!!!!I am addicted to gambling. What do I do?!!!!!Could this med cause anxiety in a 12 year old?!!!!!I have small bleeding spots on my body. Is this caused by an Iron or Vitamin K deficiency?!!!!!I usually smoke and drink alcohol, is my sperm healthy enough to last inside the uterus for 7 days or more? !!!!!What are the causes of perianal abscess?!!!!!What are some good lumbar strain exercises?!!!!!I was prescribed oxycodone 15mg by my doctor for my post surgical pain. But we have lortab 10mg at home. Can you tell me intake of how many pills of lortab 10mg causes similar effect and pain relief as oxycodone 15mg does?!!!!!This cough has been giving me awful chest pain for the past one week. Not sure, if it could be related to the flu symotoms which I had 3 weeks ago. Do you think I can treat this at home or do I need to see my primary?!!!!!I have been prescribed Omeprazole for pain in the esophagus and burping and it helps me. I want to know if chronic acid reflux can turn into cancer.!!!!!Is hydroderm for jock itch?!!!!!I take Yaz (drospirenone and ethinyl estradiol) bc and I missed the last 11 days I had unprotected sex could I be pregnant and could I miss my period the following month from missing pill?!!!!!I have a possible scaphoid wrist fracture. How can I tell without going to the hospital?!!!!!What to do if I'm 58 years old man.befoe 25 days I was found with widal positive but after 25 days widal test is negative..?!!!!!How does deep vein thrombosis develop due to a long flight? !!!!!What are the symptoms of glaucoma?!!!!!I was diagnosed with tuberculosis through an X-ray and was given medication. I am currently pregnant and want to know if I the medication can affect the baby!!!!!I fractured my foot and it is now in a cast? How long will I have ro wear one?!!!!!I just noticed my stool was slightly reddish, could it be blood?!!!!!My baby has red pimple like bumps on her arm and leg, they look almost like bug bites. They just appear. What could they be?!!!!!My neighbor was diagnosed with multicystic pancreas but literature says it is very rare. Is that true? What exactly causes it?!!!!!What would happpen if someone overdoses on heroin? Is it life threatening?!!!!!I am worried for my dad, he has high blood pressure, high cholestrol and diabetes. How can I help him? He is on medications though. !!!!!I'm almost 35 weeks pregnant. And I had a ultrasound done at my high risk Dr appt today. The baby's growth rate is at the 22 percentile, weight is 4 lbs and 14 oz. If the % goes below 20%, will the baby still be healthy at delivery?!!!!!I want to donate my organs after I die, which body parts can be donated?!!!!!I just had stomach flu and was treated for it. Can I get it twice? !!!!!Can u test positive for hsv1 and 2? What does the blood test prove if u never had a symptom?!!!!!I have been experiencing blood in stools from past 5 days. Visited my GP 3 days ago, who said it needs to get tested. Should I be worried? !!!!!How long should one breastfeed a child?!!!!!Is malaria more common in hotter areas?!!!!!Can you take l-lysine while trying to become pregnant?!!!!!I am on SSRI for my depression but stopped them 2 months back and I am still having shock like sensations. How long do they last?!!!!!My 58 yr old mother has diabetes and experiencing burning and numbness in the hands and feet. Her sugars have been high the last time she checked and was given medication for neuropathy. She is also an asthmatic. When can she expect to notice improvement?!!!!!Can I go swimming/diving in a pool at 9 weeks pregnant?!!!!!Is back burning without any urinary pattern changes a common side-effect of taking medications like Tylenol and Advil?!!!!!How can I prevent orthostatic hypotension?!!!!!How can you treat a cubital tunnel syndrome?!!!!!Should one see a local doctor for every herpes breakout? And will the same medication help with all sites?!!!!!What can I do for intestinal blockage?!!!!!What treatment would you recommend for demodex folliculorum infestation? It appeared at the base of the nose and spreading down. Thank you!!!!!!Would you say it is necessary for a parent to spank their children?!!!!!What are the signs and symptoms of arthritis?!!!!!I am worried about the change in color of my stools. My stool has been yellow colored for the past 4 months and now for the past 3 days, I have green stools with no symptoms and I am not taking iron supplements. Should I be concerned?!!!!!What are the treatment options available for TMJ?!!!!!I had ingrown toenail for 2 yrs and underwent surgery for it 5 months back but the symtpoms seem to be recurring. Would I require another surgery?!!!!!My brother is experiencing nausea, headache and pain a month after his gall bladder was removed. I googled and read that some fluid collection around the operated site could cause similar symptoms. Is this true and will an ultrasound help detect it?!!!!!My doctor sayid I have endometriosis when I consulted her last week for severe pain in pelvic area. But I underwent hysterectomy with removal of tubes and ovaries 2 years ago. Is it possible for me to develop endometriosis after hysterectomy?!!!!!I was told by my doctor that I might have infected cyst. A few tests were done, awaiting reports. What antibiotic is usually prescribed for an infected cyst?!!!!!I have severe constipation for the last month and now unable to pass gas. Can it be intestinal obstruction? Should i visit the ER?!!!!!Does iron deficiency anemia have abnormal levels of ferritin and MCV levels?!!!!!Can AST and ALT levvels rise due to a root canal prroceddure?!!!!!Does breastfeeding only on one side alter a woman's risk of breast cancer in the non-suckled breast? My son had a preference so I nursed on the left.!!!!!I am 5 days late for period and took Plan B 5 days before expected period. 3 of my pregnancy tests are negative. What should I do next. !!!!!I have been diagnosed with substance abuse. What should I do now to overcome it? !!!!!Foods to treat low alkaline phosphatase?!!!!!I have had gall bladder removal surgery a year back and have noticed sulfur burps for the past 3 weeks. Could the surgery be causing it?!!!!!What is the prognosis of a metastatic liver cancer?!!!!!What to do if I cut my gum on a piece of hard cereal and it was right next to wear my wisdom tooth is growing in, will than affect the tooth in any way?!!!!!How can dizziness be treated?!!!!!I'm bleeding from penis for no reason. What could this be?!!!!!I think I have anal fissures. I have been having them for quite some time now. I have an appointment tomorrow. What treatment should I discuss with the doctor? Surgery or medical?!!!!!I have on & off pain on the side of right leg and sometimes in the groin. I also experience burning sensation behind the knee, that gets worse when I am cold. What could be the cause?!!!!!Why do I have white pigmentation skin colour around my anus and extreme itching and blisters around the anus and anal cleft?!!!!!Should a bullet be removed if it is still inside?!!!!!Apart from diagnostic tool to differentiate between inflammation and internal injury. Is there any therapeutic benifits of cortsione shot in the knee? !!!!!Should I throw away my hats to prevent reinfection from tinea capitis? Can the fungus stay on the fabric on the hat?!!!!!I am preparing for a project and I am learning a little about EKG. Does a flat T wave mean that the person has had a heart attack?!!!!!Is there an effective way to determine if you caught a venerial disease?!!!!!How do I 'force' grow a beard in a certain area? I want to make a 'goatee' style but all I have is chin hairs and small beard. Is minodoxil good?!!!!!I have tried home remedies for athlete's foot which has not been of much help. Are there any medications you would suggest?!!!!!Can coarctation of the aorta cause poor growth in height?!!!!!Could homeopathy for acne help?!!!!!What are the complications of a yeast infection if it is not cured? !!!!!I'm an athlete, I play water polo, football, And do some long distance running. Will taking prednisolone 50mg per day HUGELY impact my lifestyle?!!!!!For the past few days, my upper right side of the abdomen has been feeling weird. There is mild pain under the right breast. There also seems to be some twitching. Can it be gastritis?!!!!!I am 16 year old, a virgin, no STDs. I have vaginal irritation all through the day, occasional pain, not much of pain while passing urine.   !!!!!Feeling a little shaky, nausea. Not diabetic, but have a glucose meter. Meter reads 75mg 3 hours after eating a couple almond cookies. Is this normal?!!!!!What should I consider before getting an intrauterine device?!!!!!What would cause white tip of the uvula? Sore throat in morning, but goes away. White tip remains throughout!!!!!I am striving for weight loss. Could you tell me how many hours should I walk, before I see the noticeable change? !!!!!I feel sick every day in the morning along with throbbing headache. I missed my period by a week this month. Am I pregnant?!!!!!Is having a cycle important? I haven't had a decent period in almost my whole life....What can be wrong with me?...  I'm 23 yrs old...!!!!!I have hair loss and thinning of hair for the last 6 months. What can I do to stop it?!!!!!How to reat l1-5 bulged discs significant pain?!!!!!How to figure out how many calories per day for a teenage girl to lose weight?!!!!!My asthma flared up on 2mg abuterol and singulair (montelukast) have chest congestion what can i take OTC for congestion?!!!!!What is the use of the drug lovenox (enoxaparin)?!!!!!I'm 26 and get constant, multiple times a day hot flashes. I sweat very easily and have had a major appetite decrease. High anxiety, poor sleep.!!!!!I am having flu symptoms, as I think my belly piercing is infected. Can you suggest some remedies? !!!!!Can I expect some clear, colorless vaginal discharge a week before my period?!!!!!I'm experiencing stomach pains, vomiting immediately after eating food and frequenting the washrooms for long calls is it in any way amoeba infection ?!!!!!I had intercourse and later I bled. Is this normal or is there a chance of pregnancy? !!!!!Hello doctor? Can I use metronidazole topical cream vaginally? !!!!!Can I take Cymbalta (duloxetine) with gabapentin?!!!!!Which blood pressure medications are considered to be safe?!!!!!Is it normal to have abdominal cramps during the fertile days or when I am ovulating?!!!!!Are autoimmune disorders completely curable?!!!!!I am planning to get tummy tucks (witch hazel) done and I am worried about its complications. Does it hurt a lot? !!!!!My period is late by 5 days and had protected sex during the last cycle and he did not ejaculate inside me. I also took a morning after pill. What are my chances of pregnancy? !!!!!Can depo shots darken your nipples and make the boobs hurt? !!!!!If you had a CBC two years ago and you still have the same symptoms is it good to get a new one?!!!!!Can laser eye surgery cause pain during the process?!!!!!I tried searching on ADA for answers as to why I am having tooth pain, but that didn't help much. Can you connect me to a dentist?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am on Omeprazole for my gastritis and Lexapro for depression. Can I drink alcohol on this?!!!!!I wanted to know, if me and my husband jumps daily, can it increase the fertrlity of his sperms and my eggs? !!!!!How is headache during PMS treated?!!!!!What is the gold standard test to detect Ovarian cancer?!!!!!Can I have a concussion if I hit my head on the car door and have a bump and now 24 hours later developed a headache? !!!!!I was diagnosed with endometriosis by my doctor yesterday. It hurts a lot in my pelvic area and disturbs my daily routine. I got my uterus, tubes and ovaries removed last year. What should be the best approach for treating my endometriosis? !!!!!My BF fingered me, and I think his hands might have had some dried sperm, could I be pregnant?!!!!!I have headache please suggest?!!!!!If the mass I have between my ribs is cancerous would it make anything on a CBC abnormal and at about what stage?!!!!!What is the cost of a Flu vaccine shot?!!!!!How can I feel energetic even when I am not eating well?!!!!!I am concerned about my 14 year old cousin's penis size. Do you think 4 inches is okay for him?!!!!!My heart rate goes up to 150 beats per minute after stressful events, exercise and has been fluctuating recently. What is the normal heart rate?!!!!!My doctor prescribed medication for high blood pressure which is causing lightheadedness and dizziness. Should I ask for a change in medication?!!!!!Is the wound healing well and can it turn into a scar? Do I need an in person check up for this?!!!!!What symptoms can a hemorrhoid cause?!!!!!What is the cause and the solution of what seems to be a traveling pocket of gas up and down my back, chest, rib cage with sometimes a griping pain?!!!!!Is F2 bone cyst on the spine dangerous? !!!!!I had a headache and this was followe by dizziness on moving the eyes, soreness behind my eyes, high grade fever (102) and slight cough. Can you help me?!!!!!I had a sinus infection about a month back, felt better for a few days after receiving Z-pac and now feel congested again. What can I do now?!!!!!Is it dangerous to take Tripsin+Chymotripsin for a longer duration?!!!!!What else can help to maintain a good cardiac health other than walking?!!!!!Hello doctor I have pain with erection, sensitivity and blood in semen? Am I going to die? Is it cancer?!!!!!I have a burning sensation on the top part of my breast after 2 days of having breast augmentation, is this normal?!!!!!Any suggestion i got injection benzapenecilin  2400000 and now feel worthier than before , i got cold  ?!!!!!Is self waxing pubic hair hard to do?!!!!!I am passing watery stool and non stop vomiting. Shall I visit the ER?!!!!!What is the cause of a hard pea sized lump on the wrist which moves with the tendon?!!!!!I am worried about health of my father.  He has been diagnosed with high cholesterol and triglyceride levels. His doctor suggested coconut oil for cooking. But he does not liks it's taste.. Is there any other option of cooking oil besides cocunut oil which is good for him to manage high cholestreol and triglyceride levels?!!!!!I had a root canal and got a temp filling. Filling is falling out in chunks and my appointment for permanent filling is in a week will it be ok?!!!!!What is the difference between catatonia and "emotional unavailability"?!!!!!Could you help me with the symptoms of a spider bite, on the tongue. I know it's a highly unusual place, but I think it might have happened when I was outside earlier...!!!!!I have been diagnosed with blood pressure and my blood pressure is fluctuating between 120/70 - 150/90. I am on amlodepine and I think it is not working. Should I take the tablet twice daily?!!!!!My blood report from Sunday Evening i.e. 14th june (23rd day) of 34 days cycle shows I ovulated and its 35 unit. So when did I ovulated?!!!!!How much physical activity is an adult required to do every day?!!!!!I have contact dermatitis in vaginal area and I recently noticed cuts with mild bleeding in my vagina. Is it possible for contact dermatitis to cause cuts in vagina?!!!!!What is a normal blood Hemoglobin level?!!!!!What are symptoms of a jaw dislocation?!!!!!I have difficulty in breathing with wheeze whenever I work out. I am wondering if I have asthma. I have a doctor's appointment scheduled for next week. Would I be put on an inhalor? How should I avoid an asthma attack?!!!!!Is it considered safe to take 5 mg of prednisone daily for a year?!!!!!I am trying to lose weight and would like your suggestions on healthy foods to include and how exactly it helps to lose weight. I used to eat a lot of junk food so I am trying to cut that out. How exactly does junk food cause ill effects to health?!!!!!My daughter has severe acne and was given medications by the dermatologist which seem to be helping. Can hormonal imbalance result in acne? How long does it take to clear?!!!!!I have fatigue, nausea, dizziness, cramps and abdominal bloating. I missed my period and I am sexually active. Can I be pregnant?!!!!!Can tuberculosis cause microscopic hematuria? I have cough for more than 3 weeks and microscopic hematuria!!!!!I have a question... Do you think ozone air generator may give some allergic reaction and some irritatin in throat that needs frequent throat clearing or is throat clearing some healing reaction as proclaimed by some gurus?!!!!!My left testicle is lower and horizontal position while my right testicle is higher and vertical position. Normal?!!!!!I am getting random uterine cramps for a while now. It is not pregnancy. Is that concerning?!!!!!I have decreased appetite and loss of sense to taste and have been smoking for a long time now. Can smoking cause this?!!!!!I am worried about my grandfather. He has been hospiced for lung cancer which has spread to his heart. Recently, he has been losing consciousness and seems to be talking illogical. He has been taken off the diuretics. I want to know how much time does he have? I want to be with him in his last days.!!!!!My beard is growing back in, and it's itchy with red bumps. Besides conditioner, is there anything I can do for the itchiness and red bumps?!!!!!I missed my period this month. I am just confused because there is no chance that I am pregnant. I usually have regular cycles and last time, me and my boyfriend had sex, he just touched vulva and clitoris wth fingers and never ejaculated inside me. What could be the cause of missed period this time?!!!!!Is using an electronic programable stationary bicycle set for a moderate pace just as beneficial to the heart as taking a moderately paced walk?!!!!!What does it mean if a mole is raised? I had a black spot on the vaginal lips for a while now and seems to be raised now. !!!!!I do not have a regular 28 day menstrual cycle and I think I'm pregnant. I haven't kept a track of the cycles and don't recollect my last period.!!!!!I have tightness in the tendons of my hand and it feels like Charley horse. This happens to me whenever I am stressed. Can anxiety cause something like this?!!!!!What should you do if a condom tears, while having intercourse?!!!!!Would there any any side effects, if I take Cymbalta ( Duloxetine) with Gabapentin? !!!!!Apart from boob soreness and darkening of nipples, what are other side effects of depo shots? !!!!!Does Adderall (dextroamphetamine and racemic amphetamine) make eyes itch?!!!!!What antibiotics can be used to treat a staph infection?!!!!!I have stretch marks and my partner does not seem to be happy. What would you suggest I do to get rid of them?!!!!!My RBC count is high, ESR is high, TSH is at 1.25 and anti thyroid at 8 which was 900 previously. What causes the levels to be like this?!!!!!Do you have any tips for bloating while on period?!!!!!Is constipation bad? I mean can it damage other body parts or cause any long term harm to me?!!!!!I have a sore in my mouth, how do I tell if it's a canker sore or a cold sore?!!!!!I wanted to know if salmonella is an infectious disease or is it related to diet?!!!!!Not able to decide who takes mom.!!!!!How long does it take for brain fog to clear after receiving treatment for sinus infection?!!!!!I think, I have vaginal yeast infection as my cum is little foamy, thick and stringy. Should I see the doctor? !!!!!Doctor,  what is the average sperm volume of men in ml ?My husband's is 2ml.Is it too low volume?What is the average?!!!!!Oh my goodness! Please help me! My mouth is full of these canker sores! I am dying...!!!!!What method is there to get rid of this cough and wheezing?!!!!!Do you know of any home remedies to get rid of scales on my face?!!!!!I have recently become sexually active and have heard that I should avoid having unprotected sex during ovulation as it can lead to pregnancy. Is that true? How can I know when I would ovulate?!!!!!Do small kidney stones, about 7-8mm get cured if left alone?!!!!!I have cavities and which listerine is best for it?!!!!!On mini pill.  35 day cycle of last menstrual period.  4 day menstruation.  2 days after bleeding ended feel like i'm ovulating, ache in lower right.!!!!!Can I take apple cider tablets in pregnancy?!!!!!I noticed orange colored urine last week and I have been experiencing sharp pain in upper right quadrant of my abdomen with nausea, dizziness. I look bloated, probably due to water retention? I don't have fever. I got tested 4 days ago, my CAT scan, ultrasound scan and urine culture reports are normal. What could be the cause?!!!!!Do you think someone can be allergic to toothpaste ingreedients resulting in diarrhea and stomach pain?!!!!!What happens at fetal heart ultrasound?!!!!!What conditions cause weight gain?!!!!!How many molds of my teeth would the ortodontist get before I receive braces?!!!!!I have been experiencing cough oflate. When I thought back on what causes it, I realized it occurs when I eat salt or salty foods. Is that possible?!!!!!Why do my eyes burn when I have heartburn? What can help with that?!!!!!Does the herb kalawalla (polypodium leucotamos) actually work for autoimmune disorders?!!!!!What is the next plan of action for my 3 year old child who has been diagnosed to have a heart murmur?!!!!!Tuborous sclerosis. Which insurance covers laser treatment for angiofibromas? Best treatments for angiofibromas? Laser treatment is ineffective.!!!!!I am on BC pills since 2 weeks. I am getting side effects like cramps and sore breasts. When will it subside?!!!!!Can I take lexapro 10 mg, lamotirigine 200mg and seroqule 100mg with prenatals?!!!!!I have been having problems every time i eat i go poop and it is yellow and runny and my tummy feels weird in the middle it has I have diabetes!!!!!Is surgery the only option for a f2 bone cyst on the spine?!!!!!I have been trying to have kids for 1 year now but nothing is happening. Should I get some tests done? I have heard of HSG, is it any good?!!!!!Do I need specs when eyesight is -0.5 in one eyes and -0.75 in the other?!!!!!I had a miscarriage last night. How soon can I start with BC?!!!!!Is there a way for my husband to find out if I'm a virgin or not?!!!!!I had a mild heart attack 2 years ago. I have been following healthy lifestyle ever since and I have been taking prescribed medications with regular doctor visits. But I get breathless easily and I had mild chest tightness last night. Should I call up my doctor and request for an EKG and/or ECHO?!!!!!What are the treatments for a pinched nerve?!!!!!I often do masturbation in a day. I did it 5 times more in a day then it led to swollen penis skin. What are the disadvantages and advantages of it?!!!!!Do you know if there is any brand of beer that will not give hangover? I am going to my see my friends tonight and tomorrow I have an important meeting and I do not want to get hangover.!!!!!I am of optimal weight and pretty healthy. I mostly eat healthy food but treat myself to junk food once a week. Is that okay?!!!!!Are there any side effects I should worry about if I have my 9 year old son use Milk of Magnesia (magnesium hydroxide) as a deodorant?!!!!!I havent had my period for seven months now and im not pregnant, I have occasional abdomen slight discomfort but nothing significant, what's wrong??!!!!!What are the chances of getting pregnant from fingering anf if it had precum? !!!!!What are the five most common emergency surgeries in american teen girls?!!!!!4 days late. 2 bfn (urine test). Is it to early to get a bfp? When is the best time to go for a blood test to get a positive result?!!!!!I have just started with my periods, how tall can I grow now? !!!!!What are some really good ways to stimulate adrenaline?!!!!!I was concerned if daily dose of prednisolone 50 mg would affect me in any ways as I am an athlete and involved in activities like playing water polo, football and long disctance running.!!!!!Do I need to take whey protein if I get enough protein from my regular diet?!!!!!I find a sense of calmness when I observe certain inanimate objects. Is something wrong with me?!!!!!How long does it take to recover from uveitis in the eye?!!!!!When is the best time to apply sunscreen and how do I use it with other skincare products?!!!!!I have been having lightheadedness for a while. Would a CT of head and an MRI with contrast of brain detect blockages in arteries?!!!!!How is macular edema treated?!!!!!I drank water from a stream and read that it could cause giardiasis. I am a little worried since I have been experiencing some mild abdominal pain on the right side, could it be affecting my liver?!!!!!Clicking sound comes and goes when heart beats. Upper left chest sharp pain and the pain goes through ribs to upper back left side. I'm 20 years old?!!!!!s there a surgical procedure that can cure diabetic macular edema?!!!!!I am currently undergoing therapy and taking medications for bipolar disorder. Is it safe to become pregnant?!!!!!I am on antidepressants (lexapro 10 mg, lamotirigine 200mg and seroqule 100mg) and prenatals and trying for conception. When do you think shall I stop taking these medications?!!!!!What can help treat stinging pain in the head because of a cold?!!!!!What is the cause of heavy bleeding after intercourse with no pain and with an history of having irregular periods?!!!!!I have been diagnosed with spondylolisthesis. Could you suggest some home remedies? !!!!!Is there any heriditary influence in the development of atherosclerosis?!!!!!My friend has been trying really hard to quit smoking but she cannot see a doctor in person because she does not have insurance. I wanted to know if there are some things that she can buy over the counter which can help her quit smoking?!!!!!Does laser eye surgery cure near-sightedness permanently?!!!!!What are the symptoms of an ANS dysfunction?!!!!!I got my tooth extracted recently and I have weird taste in mouth. My dentist ruled out dry socket. Should I take any medication or get a dental procedure done again?!!!!!I'm feeling tightness on the left lower side of my stomach and when I lay on my side it takes my breath away? What's wrong with me?!!!!!How much weight loss can be expected after a stomach stapling procedure?!!!!!I am having sensitive and painful left side of stomach and back, the area is very tender to touch, want to add that I am 16 week pregnant. Can you help? !!!!!Can one take Tylenol, Xanax, LSD and MDMA within a gap of a few hours? !!!!!What can cause my RBC count to be between 5.6-5.9, Hb 16.9-18.0 and hematocrit somewhere around 50-55%?!!!!!21 yr female sexually active have an increase in appetite stay hungry and more bowel movements what could be wrong ?!!!!!At night when I use my phone or pc, it becomes somewhat blurry. Why is this?!!!!!Are there any alternative medicine treatments like ayurvedic or homeopathic that you would suggest for chronic rhinitis?!!!!!Sign of pregnant in 1 month? Delayed menstrual cycle, is sign o pregnant?!!!!!I have been eating 1200-1300 cal. (most days) and exercising 5x/wk.  I eat more on weekends but maintain my weight. But this week I gained 2.5 lbs!  I have been stressed and constipated.  Is that why?!!!!!I wanted to drink alcohol and I am on terbinafine for my onchomycosis. Is there any reaction between both?!!!!!I have not been sleeping well for the past few days and it is annoying. Can this be causing dizziness and lightheadedness.!!!!!Is there a role of DMSO in plantar fascitis treatment?!!!!!Have you heard of a young male having premature ejaculation without any trigger factors? What would you suggest?!!!!!Is Asthma treatable for good or will I have it for life?!!!!!How long does it take for sleeping meds to get out of your system? How long does it take anesthesia had to get out of your system.!!!!!What is the normal level of potassium in the body and are there any OTC medications to help correct low potassium levels?!!!!!He touched my vulva nd clit with his fingers nd am not sure if he had ejacultion or not. That was on the 9 th day of a regular 28 days period. Chance?!!!!!Can methylprednisolone cause my heart to beat really fast?!!!!!I am using marijuana for long and now my pupils are dilated. Is it a side effect and is it something serious?!!!!!I have been having a lot of clots in my period. What does that mean?!!!!!If I am feeling suicidal what should I do?!!!!!Chest pain cough that's last couple weeks. Now have blood shot eyes that are irritated cheek lil swollen also nauseas head ache fatigue what is it?!!!!!I was recently detected with high blood sugars. Do you think the doctor will prescribe me insulin? Can I request him to give me pills instead?!!!!!What are some ECG changes that can be observed when one has a heart attack?I had some chest pain and went to the cardiologist, he did an ECG but did not explain it much!!!!!I have arthritis and whenever I pop my hand knuckles, I feel sharp pain. Do you think it is bcause of my arthritis?!!!!!My doctor has prescribed me 2 mg abuterol and singulair (montelukast) as my asthma had  flared up and OTC medications was not helping me. May I know, in how many days, can I expect to feel better? !!!!!Can taking DEPO shot make you irritable? Is it normal to have brownish discharge while on it, but no period so far? It's been 22 days.!!!!!What is the cause of tightness/pressure on the forehead and face that gets relieved only when I bow my head down?!!!!!Are there any serious after-effects of a heroin overdose?!!!!!How do I control frequent urination? !!!!!What are the different kinds of headache?!!!!!What causes ear pains along with migraine headaches?!!!!!I got injured a week ago and I have been experiencing numbness, tingling sensation over my left calf. I think I have a pinched nerve. What should I do for relief?!!!!!I have on & off severe right lower abdomen pain, especially while passing urine. What could be the cause?!!!!!I missed my period and feel bloated. Am I pregnant?!!!!!Nev er miss a period in life until I start date man outside my race. I had feb march apr no period  got light for only 2 day may no period since ?!!!!!How would Itopride Hydrochloride help me?!!!!!What is legs inflammation?!!!!!Can cracked lips occur in case one has a runny nose?!!!!!Are Sympathetic Nerve Blocks effective at calming the sympathetic system which causes angina and migraines? If not, why not? Would seem logical.!!!!!How can I get rid of red and black warts on the skin and acne spots on the back?!!!!!I am intolerant to msg and onion. I ate food at a restaurant a couple of hours ago and I was not aware that the particular dish had onion and msg. My abdomen started bloating and hurting after an hour and its very uncomfortable. What should I do now for relief?!!!!!What are my chances of getting pregnant if my boyfriend pulled out. But then inserted his fingers and penis back in my vagina  with sperm ...!!!!!I have been noticing rib pain on the left side, above the rib cage and no posisble injuries. What else could be causing this?!!!!!What inanimate objects make you calm when you see them?!!!!!I think I have circulation problems in my thigh. What tests can I undergo? Could you also guide me about exercises? !!!!!My periods are 5 days late and pregnancy test is negative. Should I go to the doctor? !!!!!What medications for gastritis are safe to use in young adults?!!!!!Which is the best antibiotic for sinusitis?!!!!!I have severe lower back ache but no lower abdomen pain, nausea, abdomen tenderness. I am anxious about diverticulitis as my mom has it. Do you think my lower back ache is due to diverticulitis?!!!!!I am 19 now. I have ADHD since I was 10 years of age but I want to become a surgeon. Is it possible for me?!!!!!What are my chances of getting pregnant and getting an STD if the condom rips off during sexual intercourse?!!!!!What are some tips to cope with huntington's disease with myself and my children?!!!!!I am worried that I have DVT and I am going to se my doctor. I just want to know how DVT can be treated and is it life threatening if there is PE due to DVT?!!!!!Is it possible to reverse skin atrophy caused by excess use of topical steroids?!!!!!How long after conception does implantation bleeding start? Last period 11/13-18 unprotected sex nov 25!!!!!Is stress an important causative factor of hematospermia?!!!!!Is there a formal diagnosis for hypersensitivity to clothing?!!!!!My 4 year old son swallow aabout 10 mg rat killer pallet, I made him vomit by itching with finger in his throad and he vomit, what should I do next.?!!!!!My period is a week early and heavier then usual what could that mean?!!!!!I have strarted working out recently and I have been experiencing frequent leg cramps for last 1 week. Is it due to dehydration or my workouts?!!!!!Every time after I eat a meal, I get this burning sensation and pain in my upper abdomen and feel hungry again! What could it be?!!!!!What is micturition?!!!!!I am 21 years old and have a regular period. Should I be getting an HPV vaccine?!!!!!Can you explain meaning of positive ANA test and ifa?!!!!!My jaw started hurting on right yesterday and it has got worse ever since. I experience severe pain on opening mouth and on clenching. Is it due to TMJ? Do you think I should go to an ER?!!!!!Do i have to prove that im deficient in gh in order to get therapy, ive heard gh is already been approved for height increasing purpose from 2003?!!!!!Anorexic frail with irregular heartbeat?!!!!!Without knowing the cause, is there a way to reduce a constant clicking sound in the knee?!!!!!My mom is 42 and she got her period only 4 times last year. She says her abdomen hurts but doesn't get period every month. What could be the cause?!!!!!I hurt my foot somehow but I don't know what is wrong with it. What do I do?!!!!!I think I have chondromalacia patella because my patella has been tender for last few months. I drive my car for very long in a day and it hurts when I reach home in the evening. I can also hear a pop when I bend my knee and it hurts but there is no swelling of knee. Do you think I need a surgery or will it get worse? Is it reversible?!!!!!Wrist and knuckle got lightly burned from touching a pan. No blisters. Applying polysporin (bacitracin and polymyxin) 3-4 times or more daily. Should I be worried of overdose?!!!!!Whats an over-the-counter drug for chron's desease?!!!!!Would I be liable to get my medical card if I have ADHD , neurofibromatosis, asthma and anexity?!!!!!I have bad abdominal cramps, blood in stools, constipation alternated with diarrhea for a couple of months. My mother who is a RN told me that it could be colitis and when I searched I found another condition called diverticulitis with similar symptoms. Are both these conditions same? If not, how can I tell if I have diverticulitis or colitis?!!!!!What is the nutritional value of a hot dog?!!!!!Can i take motrin for sharp stabbing pain in palm of hand?!!!!!May I get a doctor's note so I can skip my music exam? My finger got jammed, there is a blood blister and swelling. !!!!!I have been researching a lot on memory loss but I need a professional opinion. Is memory loss a side effect of statins?!!!!!I sustaiend an injury few years back where I had a meniscus tear in my left knee. The pain seems to flare up on and off. Do you think this would require surgery?!!!!!What is done about migraines caused by changes in temperature?!!!!!What can cause small red bumps near one's labia?!!!!!Does a woman's libido reduce after 3 C-sections?!!!!!I was in a motor vehicle accident and has been diagnosed with concussion last weel but I still have headache, diziness and blurred vision sometimes. Do I need to go in for another check-up?!!!!!Hello doctor, I am on birth control pills and I am sexually active. I am spotting now after 3 weeks and is it withdrawal bleeding or implantation bleeding? !!!!!Can you explain subchondroplasty procedure and its effects? !!!!!Does calcification in thyroid nodules mean that you have cancer?!!!!!I go for a run everyday and wondering if that could be interfering with weight gain in any way.!!!!!I was diagnosed with anxiety a few years ago and I have been taking xanax regularly. It has been a while since I consulted my doctor and I have dizziness for last few months. This is very distrubing. Should I go back to my doctor? Would he be changing the dose or my medication?!!!!!Could you help me in overcoming burning sensation of the throat from past 4 days? I tried gargles but no help.!!!!!Is it normal for an eye infection tostart out red and swollen and pus filled to looking like a pus filled swelling that now looks like a blood blister?!!!!!How long does a toe fracture take to heal?!!!!!Describe some common symptoms of bruises.!!!!!How does mitral stenosis affect the heart?!!!!!My one year old daughter always wants me to breast feed her, even at night, unless she cries. What can I do? !!!!!I had a gall bladder surgery 2 weeks back and have experienced some pain and twitching on the right side. Can it be an infection?!!!!!Does drooping of the mouth come on quickly or slowly?!!!!!I am taking pain medications for chronic back pain and I am concerned about the drug test tomorrow? Do pain medications cause false positive tests?!!!!!What muscles contribute to lower back pain?!!!!!I'm worried I may have small pox. Does it usually present with red spots all over the body?!!!!!What is bowleggedness, how is it diagnosed?!!!!!I had unprotected sex on the 7th of this month. Is there a specific time that the first outbreak occurs?!!!!!Are there any other treatment options for loss of appetite and unsteadiness caused by diuretic usage?!!!!!Could walking on a soft mattress contribute to bowlegged-ness?!!!!!I have moderate pectus excavatum. I am worried if it may cause lung or heart related issues. What are the complications of pectus excavatum?!!!!!Can you give me suggestions on good abdominal workout?!!!!!I have a blood filled bump. Can I treat it at home?!!!!!Is  prograf used to treat cancer? I came to know that my friends husband is taking prograf.!!!!!I have been told that left side face numbness is associated with bells palsy and even stroke. Could you apprise me of other symptoms of above two? !!!!!I am prescrined Benadryl for my allergies and I am on the medication for nearly 8 months. If I stop the medication, will there be any withdrawal symptoms? How long will I take to get better?!!!!!I have been having some chest pain for a few hours now. Can my anxiety be causing it?!!!!!I had a salpingectomy in both tubes 4 years ago, but I want to be pregnant again, can it be possible?, can I get pregnant naturally?,!!!!!Can you get pregnant with oral sex?!!!!!What is the percentage efficacy of Birth Control Shot?!!!!!Is a 9 week old baby more prone to catching infections like Tuberculosis if they are touched and held by an infected person?!!!!!I'm in high school.I need to get to bet by 8:00 pm to get 9hours of sleep.I find myself stating up until 11 pm. What can I do to get to bed on time ?!!!!!How often should one check their HbA1C?!!!!!I've missed my period for 4 months now and have some dull pain in lower abdominal region, any idea what's happening?!!!!!Can you tell me which tests look for cholesterol?!!!!!Is it safe to soak my ear rings in rubbing alcohol before putting them on?!!!!!Everytime i eat pork i brake out why? Am allergic to it because my oldest daughter brakes out as well.!!!!!What's a heart murmur?!!!!!Hello doctor, can you tell me if medical marijuana helps with chronic pain? Is it safe?!!!!!What is humor therapy?!!!!!I'm 5-9 160 pounds how do I gain weight fast and healthy in 1 month I want to gain 20pounds or more?!!!!!What do I need to do after trying to conceive for like 8 month now and there is no good result for second child?!!!!!What are the negative effects of binge-drinking a couple times a month?!!!!!My son was diagnosed with an infection after gall bladder removal surgery. He was prescribed antibiotics but his WBC and CRP are still high. Is this normal? !!!!!Is it safe to get hysterectomy done before angioplasty?!!!!!There is no pain on the area except the pinkish color, but it causes me to worry. Is this something major?!!!!!Will taking birth control pills for treatment of dysmenorrhea affect my fertility later once married?!!!!!I brush my teeth twice daily with hard brush and had fillers in past. Do excessive brushing cause any damage to my teeth? !!!!!My son has foot drop ever since he got treated on peroneal nerve over a year back. No improvement!!!!!!I am trying to conceive and I want to know when I would be ovulating exactly. I got my last period on 28th of last month and my cycles are of 31 days. Can you help me calculate my ovulation date?!!!!!I am a 39 y/o male currently weighing about 193 lbs. Do you think I am overweight?!!!!!My grandfather has lung cancer and has it in his heart. He hasnt been making a lot of sense and has been falling alot. The hospice nurse took him off diuretic meds.About how long does he have? I live in a different state and would like to be there?!!!!!My wrist has been hurting for a month now and the pain has been gradually worsening. I play sports and fell on my hand before noticing the pain. I have been using a brace but didn't help much. Could I have broke my hand?!!!!!Why do I have chronic ankle ligament pain for no reason?!!!!!I had a C section done 2 months ago and my lower abdomen started hurting last night, that feels like cramps. I never had cramps with period in the past. Is it due to C section? If yes, why is this happening after 2 months of C section?!!!!!I had arthroscopic surgery on my left knee almost a month ago but it seems to be filling up with synovial fluid, shoulde i go back to work or wait until i see the dr.?!!!!!Can stem cell research help diseased arteries?!!!!!It's been almost 2 and half weeks since I bumped into a rock and injured my foot, though the swelling is down bit it still hurts, is it a fracture, am I okay to walk or should I avoid weight bearing?!!!!!Can you help me with some measures for lower back pain and stiffness, more so on bending?!!!!!I have this black mole on the leg and it is bleeding. Could this be melanoma?!!!!!What is the role of a medical physicist in the treatment of cancer?!!!!!Is seroquel (quetiapine) known to cause GERD?!!!!!My vitamin d level is 20...and taking vitamin d supplement gives me horrible muscle cramps even small dose 400..should I stop taking vitamin d ?!!!!!My cycles are very heavy and last for months. I am frustrated and want this to stop. Is hysterectomy a good option to consider for an early menopause?!!!!!What is the treatment for psoariasis?!!!!!I am having a lot of palpitations and some chest pain, is this just a panic attack or a heart attack?!!!!!I smoke and drink alcohol, is my sperm healthy? Can it last 7 days inside the uterus?!!!!!Hello doctor I have burning sensation in vagina, cheese like discharge, itching and odor since 1 week. Do I have yeast infection? !!!!!I was wondering if I am at risk of acquiring cold sore, after I had come in close contact with a person who had a cold sore, which was passed from the person next to them. !!!!!I have this weird taste in my mouth, but no other symptoms of dry socket. What could be wrong?!!!!!How to deal with hangover due to beer?!!!!!Freezing eggs at 24-25 years?!!!!!I just binged on chocolate, but should I not eat the rest of the day to keep my calorie intake controlled?!!!!!I am dealing with hyperemesis gravidarum and associated cramps. When will these cramps subside?!!!!!Could you apprise me about the symptoms of spondylolisthesis?!!!!!May I know, what are the benifits of taking biotin 500mg? !!!!!What conditions can cause headaches, dizziness and loss of consciousness?!!!!!My 4 month old daughter has been diagnsoed with a murmur during her recent appointment. Tests like x-rays and an EKG were done and later referred to a cardiologist in Dallas. Any idea what could be wrong?!!!!!My sister has contact dermatitis with cuts in her vagina. She says it is very uncomfortable and hurts to walk. What can she do for relief?!!!!!Its 3am and alot is on my mind. Im discouraged because IV been in college for a yr and have completed only half of what most students have done. My dr?!!!!!Are fabric softener allergies immediate or can they appear a few months after using the softener?!!!!!How much water should a 60lb 10 year old child consume daily? We were told at least 64oz, but this seems too much for her to drink. She has eds w/pots!!!!!I had mucus in my stools and on own for 3 weeks and then i suddenly got sickness and diaherrea with fever and now back to mucus when wipe does it link?!!!!!Is anemia a common effect of Gilbert's syndrome?!!!!!Does hand foot and mouth disease present with rash on chest? My son has fever with blisters for 4 days now. !!!!!What are the main signs of staph infection?!!!!!I have had heartburn along with loss of appetite for which my doctor asked to get an endoscopy done. Can you tell me more about this procedure?!!!!!I'm a 21 yr old female and notice itchy bumps all over my body and I do have some allergies. What could be it be? !!!!!It still posible i can get pregnant with a small ovary?!!!!!I confused the dates of my pill pack, and now I bled for 3 days in between. When should I expect my period now?!!!!!Is it better to take aspirin at night or morning to prevent heart attack?!!!!!Does anyone know what can cause severe leg pain in both legs especially at night?!!!!!I have blocked ears, runny nose, dry throat for last 3 days. I was told it could be hayfever but I don't have sneezing, watery eyes. There has been flu going around at my school and I think I may have common cold. I have a singing competition in next 2 days and I want this to subside by then. How long will it take?!!!!!What can cause me to be lightheaded/dizzy?!!!!!I am 16 and I have left abdominal pain for last 3 days but no fever, burning sensation while passing urine. My period ended 2 days ago. What could be the cause?!!!!!What STD's can cause epididymitis?!!!!!I was told I had amniotic infection and my doctor explained a lot about it but everything went over my head. Can you explain more about amniotic infection? It would be very helpful, thanks. !!!!!Is there usually left shoulder/arm/jaw pain associated with angina pectoris?!!!!!I had a lump in the breast and was earlier diagnsoed with a fibroadenoma. Can it be cancer?!!!!!I have been trying to conceive with my partner and he had ejaculated inside me twice. Last day of ovulation was 30th and period was due on 13th but came the next day. Why didn't I get pregnant in spite of having unprotected sex during ovulation?!!!!!My brother is having chest congestion, the doctor has prescribed him ciprofloxacin and amoxicillin. What can he take for nasal congestion? !!!!!Hello doctor, I am recovering from meniscal tear injury and I have practice foot ball match tomorrow. I have no symptoms at present except the mild pain. Can I go for practice tomorrow?!!!!!A heavy brick fell on my foot yesterday and it hurts. Should I go see the doctor?!!!!!I am having sore throat, can I take amoxicillin and ciprofloxacin together? !!!!!Can dental sealants be safely removed if there is decay under them without the use of a drill? If so, how will it be done?!!!!!What is an easy home remedie for premature ejaculation?!!!!!Can I take any medication for pain due to suprapatellar bursitis? Unable to exercise. :(!!!!!Can I take Lodine and Celebrex together? !!!!!How accurate are the diabetic blood tests that test your 3 month blood sugars?!!!!!Can dementia cause ANS dysfunction? If so how?!!!!!Do people who suffer impaired cognition as a result of a brain tumor recover their faculties?!!!!!What is the treatment modality that's best suited for pancreatic cancer?!!!!!Hey! I observed recently that the skin near the butthole is white and extremely itchy. Is it normal? If not, what could be the cause?!!!!!Do you know if alcohol has any effects on body fat?!!!!!Are there any systemic side effects of using OTC hydrocortisone for a long time?!!!!!I am on predinsone for erythema multiformae and combined it with Nabumetone. Has sun burn like rash and formed on chest and arms. I am concerned. !!!!!Can having a shaved penis alter sex performance?!!!!!I'm 16 weeks pregnant and the skin on left side of my stomach and back is sensitive and extremely painful when touched. But I have no rash. Why?!!!!!My 4 year old son swallowed about 10 mg of rat killer pellet. Will making him vomit by irritating his throat with finger help in expelling that pellet? !!!!!I have a few small to large hard cysts on my scalp for a year now, they do not cause pain but are a bit uncomfortable, do I need to get them removed?!!!!!I've had a lump by my bellyboutton and it moves around its been a week now could I have a hernia? I've been constapated too? Or pregnancy had neg test!!!!!Are there any conditions in which aromasin is contradictory?!!!!!Can IUD's like Pargard  delay your periods? !!!!!Can Vit B 12 shots cause high BP? !!!!!I was diagnosed with stomach flu and was having stomach shaking and shuddering, have been prescribed medications by the doctor. In how many days, would I feel normal? !!!!!I have chronic back pain. Recently I started experiencing numbness, weakness and tingling sensation on both legs and feet, that hurt on walking. At rest, my legs and feet throb until numbness sets in. Is this due to my back ache?!!!!!Me and my wife are trying to have a baby. Can you help me with some tips? !!!!!What are the signs of a chest pain being of cardiac origin in a 36 year old male?!!!!!What age group is leukemia common in?!!!!!I have appointment with GP in 5 days, as My D has been experiencing blood on end of stool and tissue from past 5 days during the morning bowel movement. Is waiting for 5 days, a good idea?   !!!!!What are the treatment options for varicose veins? Is surgery the only option?!!!!!How long does a period last when one is pregnant?!!!!!Can cognitive behavioral therapy help someone quit smoking?!!!!!I started taking birth control pills last month and I had unprotected intercourse a couple of weeks ago. I missed my period by 4 days and I notice on & off spotting. I am not worried about pregnancy as I have been taking the pills regularly but I am just concerned about my cycles. When will I get my next period?!!!!!I am suddenly having issues with oncreased blood coagulation. Though I am seeing a doctor, I'd like to understand how that might have happened?!!!!!My brother BNP value is less than 10 pg/ML, the doctor has ruled out CHF or serious heart problem.  What do we mean by BPN?  !!!!!What are the elements of a good exercise routine in pregnancy?!!!!!I had intercourse 2 days before my last period. Will it make my period irregular?!!!!!Lately when i get frightened or startled, i feel the blood pump down my legs and then my toes start to really hurt. It aches for a long time. What is?!!!!!I am 4 days late for period and is stressed since 2 nights. Is late for taking BC by 10 hours and what are my chances of being pregnant. !!!!!I am 19 yrs old and how can I do a good body workout?!!!!!Is there any ways to shorten breakthrough bleeding as I have to leave for my honemoon. When to start a new pack?!!!!!Hello doctor can you please tell me how to cure a yeast infection. I want to help my toddler. !!!!!My left ball hurts and does more when I am walking or if it rubs against my shorts. I am only 16. What's going on?!!!!!What are the side effects of Doxycycline?!!!!!What are the treatment options for solar maculopathy?!!!!!What could cause sensitive gums two months after a root canal?!!!!!I was into bodybuilding, was very fit and was taking supplements like BCAA. From past 4 months, I started gaining weight excessively. I went to see the doctor and was diagnosed with hypothyroidism and was prescribed .125mg levothyroxine. Are there any home remdies for countering hypothyroidism? !!!!!Is yellow colored vomitus normal if one hasn't eaten well?!!!!!Can Lyme ab test positive after 2 years of exposure? I'm not sure if it can stay positive for this long.!!!!!Describe the features of a bone avulsion.?!!!!!My sister has mild pain abdomen and headache for last 3 days but nothing helped. Do you think we should take her to her doctor? What could be the cause?!!!!!Will bodybuiling at sixteen and a half slow my height growth, im just 5'7ft?